yolları|yolları|Türkçe
tarım|tarım|Eski Türkçe
neyse|neyse|Türkçe
artırılması|artırılma|Türkçe
kalıyor||
bakmak||
yardımcısı|yardımcı|Türkçe
mutluluk|mutluluk|Türkçe
hepimiz||
günün||
gümrük||
bırakıldı||
terörist|terörist|Fransızca
kuruldu|kurul|Türkçe
tamamladı|tamam|Arapça
ortamının|ortam|Türkçe
yollara|yollara|Türkçe
nitelikli|nitelikli|Türkçe
yapılmış|yapı|Türkçe
hedefinin|hedef|Arapça
yapalım||
verilecek|verile|Türkçe
bazda||
ersavaş||
inan||
yağış|yağı|Türkçe
telekom||
etmeyi|etme|Türkçe
oynayan||
katleden||
etmeye|etme|Türkçe
allah||
idare|idare|Arapça
kazandığı|kaza|Arapça
size||
kurtardı|kurt|Farsça
filistinliyi||
mermi|mermi|Arapça
oldu||
psikolojik|psikolojik|Fransızca
tespiti||
taleplerini|talep|Arapça
ahmed||
skorla|skor|İngilizce
ahmet||
bakanı||
netice|netice|Arapça
mesajında|mesajı|Türkçe
maskeli|maskeli|Türkçe
çağlayan||
olmuştur||
volkan||
meşhed||
oyuncak|oyuncak|Türkçe
ahlak|ahlak|Arapça
tümgeneral|tümgeneral|Türkçe
alması|alma|Türkçe
diplomasi|diplomasi|Fransızca
doğalgaz|doğal|Türkçe
rica|rica|Arapça
nevşehir||
toplantısında|toplantı|Türkçe
etik|etik|Fransızca
grupların|grup|Fransızca
önleyici|önleyici|Türkçe
ayağa||
döndü||
dava||
oraya|oraya|Türkçe
görmeyen||
olmasın|olma|Türkçe
yapma|yapma|Türkçe
olimpiyatları|olimpiyat|Fransızca
engin||
kaldıkları||
girmesiyle||
kaybı||
federasyon|federasyon|Fransızca
zamanda|zaman|Arapça
hak|hak|Arapça
hal|hal|Arapça
ham||
yönlü||
eş||
bazı|bazı|Türkçe
osman||
oldular||
denetleme||
anayasası|anayasa|Türkçe
hazırlanan|hazır|Arapça
binden||
adet|adet|Arapça
adem|adem|Arapça
girerek||
rolü||
evsiz|evsiz|Türkçe
yaşanabilecek|yaşa|Türkçe
verdi|verdi|Türkçe
sorun|sorun|Türkçe
gerginliğin|gergin|Türkçe
görüşmeye||
dörtte|dört|Eski Türkçe
saygı||
uyardı||
barınma|barın|Türkçe
cezasını|ceza|Arapça
bölgelerinde||
politikasını|politikası|Türkçe
hayatlarını|hayat|Arapça
değildir||
kaynağı|kaynağı|Türkçe
abdullah||
anlamı|anlam|Türkçe
çıkıyor||
performans|performans|Fransızca
olabilir|olabilir|Türkçe
saatte|saat|Arapça
beşiktaşlı|beşik|Eski Türkçe
başlıyoristanbul||
ticaret|ticaret|Arapça
cezasına|ceza|Arapça
sağanak|sağanak|Türkçe
görüyoruz||
litre||
osmanlıspor||
atan||
konuşmayı|konuş|Türkçe
günden|günden|Türkçe
birliğine||
teşebbüs|teşebbüs|Arapça
temel|temel|Yunanca
seçimlerinde||
karşılığını||
türlü|türlü|Türkçe
internet||
ümit|ümit|Farsça
binalarının|bina|Arapça
insanlara|insanlar|Türkçe
özdemir|özdem|Türkçe
uçağını||
adresinden|adres|Fransızca
beraberlik|beraber|Farsça
gözlendi||
büyümenin|büyüme|Türkçe
etmiş||
valilik||
şartıyla|şart|Arapça
başsavcılığı||
duyurdu||
kamuoyuna|kamu|Eski Türkçe
emek||
alıyoruz||
insanları|insanlar|Türkçe
türkmen||
uçağın||
kılıç|kılıç|Eski Türkçe
toplum|toplum|Türkçe
ilçesinde||
örgütlerinin|örgüt|Türkçe
sevinç|sevinç|Türkçe
kuzeyindeki|kuzey|Türkçe
sesini|sesin|Türkçe
gelsin||
yaşamak|yaşamak|Türkçe
fotoğraf|fotoğraf|Fransızca
orgeneral|orgeneral|Türkçe
yaşayan|yaşa|Türkçe
verilmesini|verilme|Türkçe
süha||
erdem|erdem|Türkçe
emniyete|emniyet|Arapça
topraklarındaki|toprakların|Türkçe
yazılı|yazılı|Türkçe
yolunda||
koydu||
bağdat||
yılının||
bulunuyor||
elini||
eline||
hafta|hafta|Farsça
herkes|herkes|Farsça
ilgili|ilgili|Türkçe
getirilen|getiri|Türkçe
kimseye||
kira||
teşhisi|teşhis|Arapça
gerçekleşen||
parlamentosu||
gördü||
grup|grup|Fransızca
süreci|süre|Türkçe
sürece|süre|Türkçe
912||
hareket|hareket|Arapça
veriyor|veri|Türkçe
kullanan||
uğur|uğur|Eski Türkçe
tosun||
talimatı|talimat|Arapça
demirtaş||
ları||
yaya|yaya|Türkçe
quaresma||
çıkma|çıkma|Türkçe
takımları|takım|Türkçe
getirmesi||
kuruluşu|kuruluşu|Türkçe
ilçedeki||
sınırında||
lütfi||
istenmeyen|istenme|Türkçe
albay|albay|Türkçe
kilogram|kilogram|İngilizce
çocuk|çocuk|Eski Türkçe
faaliyetleri|faal|Arapça
tavır|tavır|Arapça
deneyimli|deneyimli|Türkçe
çalışmalarımızı||
konyaspor||
çalışmasıyla||
sayısı|sayısı|Türkçe
çerçevede||
olimpiyat|olimpiyat|Fransızca
kanunlarda|kanun|Arapça
hazırlık|hazırlık|Türkçe
başsavcılığınca||
bulunacak||
hayatına|hayat|Arapça
eşlik|eşli|Türkçe
oğlu||
levent|levent|Farsça
hayatını|hayat|Arapça
umutlu|umutlu|Türkçe
bursaspor|burs| Fransızca
yürürlüğe||
güçlerin||
adına|adına|Türkçe
toplama||
sıkıntı||
erecek||
oteller||
şartları|şart|Arapça
helikopter|helikopter|Fransızca
kişiler|kişiler|Türkçe
rakibi||
yakalanan||
kalarak|kala|Türkçe
partisinin|parti|Fransızca
bölgeye||
bölgeyi||
köylerine||
adını|adın|Türkçe
saldırısı|saldırı|Türkçe
savcı|savcı|Eski Türkçe
bombanın|bomba|İtalyanca
kaynaklardan|kaynaklar|Türkçe
ışık|ışık|Türkçe
hazırlıkları|hazırlık|Türkçe
kazada|kaza|Arapça
imzalanan||
şeker|şeker|Farsça
bugünkü|bugünkü|Türkçe
edeceği||
tren|tren|Fransızca
sürecinde|süre|Türkçe
uzmanlar||
başlattığını||
insani|insani|Arapça
yalçın||
öngörüyor|öngörü|Türkçe
önünü||
çarşamba||
valiliğinden||
yapmaya|yapma|Türkçe
kanunu|kanun|Arapça
çıktıklarını|çıktı|Türkçe
kocaeli|koca|Eski Türkçe
yarısını|yarı|Türkçe
lük|lük|Osmanlıca
fotoğrafları|fotoğraf|Fransızca
yasağı|yasa|Türkçe
yapmayı|yapma|Türkçe
sovyet||
insanı|insan|Arapça
kayıtlı||
emniyet|emniyet|Arapça
italyan||
hayal|hayal|Arapça
sunulması|sunulma|Türkçe
bildiren||
birliğiyle||
yönetmeni||
avsar||
kuruluşlarının|kuruluşların|Türkçe
dediği||
törende|tören|Türkçe
çalıştık||
katil|katil|Arapça
diyen||
yönetici||
takdirde||
getirecek||
ilçelerinde||
sizler||
yönde||
sağlamak|sağlam|Türkçe
teksas||
seçime||
seçimi||
ülkesinin||
açan||
katıldıkları||
fiyat|fiyat|Arapça
bölgesindeki||
humus||
baba|baba|Türkçe
etti||
sarayı|sarayı|Türkçe
noktaya||
amerika||
yağışına|yağı|Türkçe
kimsenin||
kararlılıkla|karar|Arapça
bordo|bordo|Fransızca
bölgenin||
çıkmak|çıkma|Türkçe
yükselen||
özkan||
araçlara|araçlara|Türkçe
fiyatlarında|fiyat|Arapça
uzunluğundaki|uzun|Eski Türkçe
yandan||
polisler||
genco||
bini||
örgütünden|örgüt|Türkçe
bodrum|bodrum|Yunanca
filistinlilere||
üçte|üçte|Türkçe
adreste|adres|Fransızca
çıkacak||
vergisi||
düşüşle||
madalya||
kurtulmuş|kurt|Farsça
sistemin|sistem|Fransızca
kasımpaşa|kasım|Arapça
medeniyet|medeniyet|Arapça
üstelik|üstelik|Türkçe
anlamda|anlam|Türkçe
beklentilerinin||
işgal||
gerçekleşmesi||
sürücünün|sürücü|Türkçe
heyecanını||
basınında|basını|Türkçe
dergisi||
ülkeye||
ülkeyi||
çanakkale|çanak|Eski Türkçe
helallik|helal|Arapça
ünal||
izni||
yapımı|yapı|Türkçe
üzerinden|üzeri|Türkçe
yolunu||
grubunun||
yoluna||
yaşanıyor|yaşa|Türkçe
çabaları||
şeyler|şeyler|Türkçe
lazkiye||
otomobil|otomobil|Fransızca
müdürlüğünden|müdür|Arapça
tatili|tatil|Arapça
kaldığı||
etkileyen|etki|Türkçe
aşamasına|aşama|Türkçe
gündeminde|günde|Türkçe
gidiyoruz||
beklentileri||
merkezinden|merkezi|Türkçe
suriyelilerin||
rıza||
kurtarma|kurtarma|Türkçe
ivme||
yaşındaki||
sürdürdüğü||
çocuğu|çocuğu|Türkçe
çocuğa|çocuğa|Türkçe
indirim|indirim|Türkçe
öğrenilen||
bombası|bomba|İtalyanca
abdülkadir||
taşıma||
onur|onur|Fransızca
bununla||
inşallah||
ekibinin||
nükleer||
olaylara|olaylara|Türkçe
ısınmaya|ısınma|Türkçe
büro|büro|Fransızca
edildi||
engelli||
seçildi||
gerilimin|gerilim|Türkçe
konumda|konum|Türkçe
taraftar|taraftar|Arapça
taraftan|taraf|Arapça
etmiştir||
saray|saray|Farsça
olayları|olayları|Türkçe
buzlanmayı|buzla|Türkçe
1990||
1994||
1998||
kişisel|kişi|Türkçe
önlemek|önlemek|Türkçe
bakanlığın||
duyduğu||
randevu|randevu| Fransızca
kuruluşları|kuruluşları|Türkçe
toplantısına|toplantı|Türkçe
olmasından|olma|Türkçe
davutoğlu||
sahaya|saha|Arapça
arkadaşı|arkadaşı|Türkçe
yetkisi||
mahkemesindeki|mahkemesi|Türkçe
gelmesi||
gerçekleştirilen||
beraat||
kapsamında|kapsam|Türkçe
ailesinin|aile|Arapça
körfez||
şahsi||
iftira|iftira|Arapça
çolak|çolak|Eski Türkçe
tamamlayarak|tamam|Arapça
yönetimindeki||
yangının||
uyarısı||
düzeyinde|düzey|Türkçe
göstermesinin||
ifadesini|ifade|Arapça
ürünü||
üyesi||
zeminini|zemin|Farsça
sonucunda||
olmasını|olma|Türkçe
üyelerinin||
yeni||
aktaran|aktar| Arapça
yargılandığı|yargı|Türkçe
öztürk||
olabileceğini||
babam|baba|Türkçe
eren||
imza||
fidan||
katılım||
köprü||
davasında||
mersin|mersin|Yunanca
muhammed||
erdoğan||
muhammet||
işlemlerinin||
yetkili|yetkili|Türkçe
noel||
diğeri|diğer|Farsça
değindi|değin|Türkçe
kurtarmak|kurtarmak|Türkçe
hava|hava|Arapça
hazırlığında|hazır|Arapça
görüşmelerde||
habur||
mutabakata|muta|Arapça
ruhani|ruhani|Arapça
karakaya|kara|Eski Türkçe
bilet|bilet|Fransızca
bilen||
bilek|bilek|Eski Türkçe
gezen||
jose||
oyuncusu|oyuncu|Türkçe
kurtarıldı|kurt|Farsça
silahla|silah|Arapça
süleyman||
haritası|harita|Arapça
şansı|şans|Fransızca
boru|boru|Türkçe
çağdaş||
çağrısı|çağrı|Türkçe
performansı|performans|Fransızca
işin||
tarihinin|tarih|Arapça
veriyorlar|veri|Türkçe
durdurma||
yatırımcılar|yatır|Türkçe
oranları|oranla|Türkçe
telsiz|telsi|Türkçe
heyecanı||
gelirken||
silahlı|silah|Arapça
bulunmayan|bulunma|Türkçe
antalya||
ihbar||
direnç|diren|Türkçe
sonuna||
adlı|adlı|Türkçe
yapıldığı|yapı|Türkçe
isim|isim|Arapça
alıkoyduğu||
girecek||
test||
çekilen|çeki|Türkçe
oğlum||
bekleyen||
adliyeye|adliye|Arapça
yerleşti||
saldırı|saldırı|Türkçe
lider|lider|İngilizce
ordusuna|ordu|Eski Türkçe
ödeme|ödeme|Osmanlıca
alana||
çalışırken||
tedbirleri|tedbir|Arapça
şeklindeki|şekli|Arapça
arasına|arası|Türkçe
yıldızalp|yıldız|Eski Türkçe
cizre||
kalitesi||
ikincisi|ikinci|Türkçe
sunulan||
suretiyle|suret|Arapça
oyuncu|oyuncu|Türkçe
kasap|kasap| Arapça
lideri|lider|İngilizce
fiyatları|fiyat|Arapça
geriledi|geri|Eski Türkçe
mahallesinde|mahalle|Arapça
nın||
törenle|tören|Türkçe
kurt|kurt|Farsça
kuru|kuru|Türkçe
kurs|kurs|Arapça
verilen|verile|Türkçe
veriler|verile|Türkçe
durumun|durum|Eski Türkçe
varan|varan|Türkçe
artıyor|artı|Türkçe
yönünde||
verdiği|verdi|Türkçe
kaldırmaya||
yanlısı||
oranla|oranla|Türkçe
cumhuriyeti|cumhuriyet|Arapça
askerler|asker|Arapça
elinden||
geçerek|geçe|Türkçe
kazanması|kazanma|Türkçe
öldürülen||
görüyor||
lacivertli|lacivert|Farsça
numan||
ziyarette|ziya|Arapça
otopsi||
belirgin|beli|Farsça
olaya|olaya|Türkçe
kanlı||
kendileri||
mücadelede||
bursa|burs| Fransızca
ailelerin|aile|Arapça
getirmesini||
zarar|zarar|Arapça
erbil||
yazın|yazın|Türkçe
sahasında|saha|Arapça
hattında||
yarıdan|yarı|Türkçe
verilerine|verile|Türkçe
arkadaşlarının|arkadaşları|Türkçe
ulaşması||
haklarını||
bugüne|bugün|Türkçe
söndürüldü||
ödemesi|ödeme|Osmanlıca
kırıcı|kırı|Türkçe
aylarında|ayla|Türkçe
sürmüştü||
firmaların|firma|İtalyanca
imzaladı||
kapı|kapı|Türkçe
kursu|kurs|Arapça
dosya||
taşıyor||
oğlumun||
yaşam|yaşa|Türkçe
yaşar|yaşa|Türkçe
tarihi|tarih|Arapça
teknik|teknik|Fransızca
kılıçdaroğlu|kılıç|Eski Türkçe
uygun|uygun|Türkçe
tarihte|tarih|Arapça
modeli|modeli|Türkçe
kullanmıştı||
salonda|salon|Fransızca
hayrat||
süren|süre|Türkçe
gazi|gazi|Arapça
600||
hatırlatılması||
sıraya|sıra|Türkçe
tarafında|taraf|Arapça
çıkarken||
oynayacağı||
halka|halka|Arapça
müdürlüğü|müdür|Arapça
gerektiği||
kaçakçılığı|kaçakçı|Türkçe
aile|aile|Arapça
kuvvet|kuvvet|Arapça
sanırım||
arena|arena|Fransızca
sağlanacak||
tutuyor||
örgütüyle|örgüt|Türkçe
sivillere|sivil|Fransızca
koyacağız||
nehri||
yahudi|yahu|Arapça
sırp||
sırt|sırt|Eski Türkçe
anlar||
sıra|sıra|Türkçe
kapatarak||
olmuştu||
atmaya||
sayın|sayın|Türkçe
sayım|sayı|Eski Türkçe
cezaları|ceza|Arapça
yaşandı|yaşa|Türkçe
vuruşunda|vuruş|Türkçe
üretim|üretim|Türkçe
gösterdiği||
süresinin|süre|Türkçe
proje|proje|Fransızca
nüfusu|nüfus|Arapça
cem|cem|Arapça
istediklerini||
cep|cep|Arapça
gelişmelerin|gelişme|Türkçe
düşen||
ilerleyen||
ilhan||
kişinin|kişi|Türkçe
havalimanına|havali|Arapça
olanlara||
muhtemel|muhtemel|Arapça
mardin||
tff||
sığınmacı|sığınmacı|Türkçe
artmasını||
medyası|medya|İngilizce
arka||
konuların|konu|Türkçe
hükümleri|hüküm|Arapça
güçleriyle||
dönük||
oylamasına||
geleceğini|gele|Türkçe
buradan||
durumunda|durum|Eski Türkçe
binalarda|bina|Arapça
sığınmacılar|sığınmacı|Türkçe
bölgemizde||
yildirim||
stk||
kaldırılmasını||
okulları|okul|Türkçe
halindeki||
yönetme||
gördüğünü||
kara|kara|Eski Türkçe
zorluk||
turgay|turgay|Türkçe
gerçekleştirdi||
kutlamaların||
gündemde|günde|Türkçe
grand||
insanların|insanlar|Türkçe
uygulanmasına|uygulanma|Türkçe
000||
ihsan|ihsan|Arapça
merkezde|merkez|Arapça
uçakla|uçak|Türkçe
lik||
ailesiyle|aile|Arapça
öngören||
sahiplerine|sahip|Arapça
dönerken||
yola|yola|Türkçe
sayede|saye|Farsça
kültürel|kült|Fransızca
lübnan||
komisyonun|komisyon|Fransızca
seviyorum||
milyonlarca|milyonlarca|Türkçe
valilikten||
olurken||
ferdi||
sahada|saha|Arapça
emlak|emlak|Arapça
mahkemesi|mahkemesi|Türkçe
savundu||
kardeşi|kardeş|Eski Türkçe
şırnak||
ilçeleri||
yıldızı|yıldızı|Türkçe
saatlerinde|saat|Arapça
ücreti|ücret|Arapça
denizli|deniz|Eski Türkçe
çoğunlukla|çoğunluk|Türkçe
rakamın||
baskın||
merkezlerinden|merkezler|Türkçe
insanlarla|insanlar|Türkçe
akıncı|akıncı|Türkçe
yunanistan||
uygulamasının||
michael||
karşılama||
istikameti|istikamet|Arapça
genç||
kızının||
görüşmesinin||
macaristan||
tbmm||
getirmek|getirmek|Türkçe
nitelendirilen|nitel|Türkçe
parayı|para|Farsça
yaşıyoruz||
bayırbucak||
uğurlandı|uğur|Eski Türkçe
trafiğe||
engelliler||
tutuklanan||
geldiklerini||
fark|fark|Arapça
kararın|karar|Arapça
uzantısı|uzantı|Türkçe
göçe||
istiyoruz||
türkmendağı||
havacılık|havacılık|Türkçe
kazandırdı|kaza|Arapça
barışı|barışı|Türkçe
mezarlığı|mezar|Arapça
birliğinin||
patlamanın|patlama|Türkçe
seviyelerinde|seviye|Arapça
aşamada|aşama|Türkçe
kaydeden||
profesyonel||
bırakılan||
golcüsü|golcü|Türkçe
haydar|hayda|Türkçe
su|su|Eski Türkçe
kentinin|kent|Soğdca
taşıyacak||
vurduğu||
fikir|fikir|Arapça
bakanlığının||
saldırıların|saldırı|Türkçe
indi||
giyen||
oldukları||
evlerinin|evlerin|Türkçe
engel||
yorum||
ekonomiden|ekonomi|Fransızca
duyduğunu||
cezasının|ceza|Arapça
adı||
yoldan|yoldan|Türkçe
kullanmak||
ilişkin|ilişki|Eski Türkçe
oranda|oran|Türkçe
yerleşim||
cenk|cenk|Farsça
eylemi|eylem|Türkçe
görmemesi||
ayrımcılık||
tatilini|tatil|Arapça
bozdağ||
ekim||
ekiz||
etmesine|etme|Türkçe
ekip|ekip|Fransızca
etmesini|etme|Türkçe
parti|parti|Fransızca
yerel|yerel|Türkçe
havalimanında|havali|Arapça
jeopolitik||
hatice||
mevkidaşı|mevki|Arapça
tamamlamıştı|tamam|Arapça
otelin||
şiddetli|şiddetli|Türkçe
verirken|veri|Türkçe
46||
ertuğrul||
oluyor||
dair|dair|Arapça
teröre|teröre|Türkçe
yıllarda||
çalışmalarda||
kredi|kredi|Fransızca
kutlayan||
seslerini|seslerin|Türkçe
kararlar|kararla|Türkçe
afrika||
sunmaya|sunma|Türkçe
elvan|elvan|Arapça
birliklerinin|birlik|Türkçe
operasyonlarda|operasyon|Fransızca
kiloda|kilo|Fransızca
programda|programda|Türkçe
ilyas||
gerektiğine||
gerektiğini||
star|star|İngilizce
sanayi||
operasyon|operasyon|Fransızca
karşılığı||
görevlilerin|görev|Türkçe
arjantinli||
olsaydı||
töreninde|tören|Türkçe
men|men|Arapça
davada||
kürdistan||
başsağlığı||
tatil|tatil|Arapça
partisi|parti|Fransızca
berlin||
tuzlama|tuzlama|Türkçe
dargeçit||
beklenen||
noktasında||
nüfusunun|nüfus|Arapça
evlerinden|evlerin|Türkçe
verilerek|verile|Türkçe
kurulan|kurul|Türkçe
evleri|evleri|Türkçe
şemdinli||
emanet||
maçına||
durum|durum|Eski Türkçe
kuveyt||
cuma|cuma|Arapça
edilerek||
faaliyeti|faal|Arapça
faaliyete|faal|Arapça
umut|umut|Türkçe
hakkının||
çevresinde|çevre|Türkçe
bedeli|bedel|Arapça
havanın|havan|Farsça
yildiz||
bakanlık|bakanlık|Türkçe
başarıyla||
istihdam|istihdam|Arapça
maçını||
inşa||
stratejik|stratejik|Fransızca
cumhurbaşkanımız|cumhur|Arapça
mario||
tarihin|tarih|Arapça
ateşe|ateş|Farsça
hükümetimizin|hüküm|Arapça
edilmiş||
kullanılamaz||
verilmişti|veri|Türkçe
finansal|finans|Fransızca
ulusal|ulus|Türkçe
gerekçeleriyle||
geçiyor||
mazlum|mazlum|Arapça
programı|programı|Türkçe
arayarak||
sağlığı||
canı||
keleş||
alakalı|alaka|Arapça
39||
lionel||
servis|servi|Farsça
yıldır||
yıldız|yıldız|Eski Türkçe
yapmadan|yapma|Türkçe
okuducu||
binin||
geçirdik||
parlamento||
kazanan|kaza|Arapça
programa|programa|Türkçe
800||
milyonun||
hedefliyor|hedef|Arapça
yer||
yardımıyla||
yıldırım|yıldırım|Türkçe
sürücüsü|sürücü|Türkçe
dünya|dünya|Arapça
allahuekber||
başkanlığının||
üssü||
uzman||
verecek|vere| Slavca
almadığını|alma|Türkçe
vermiş||
bilgiye|bilgi|Türkçe
ahşap|ahşap|Arapça
işkence||
tamamladıistanbul|tamam|Arapça
münih||
kadro||
sürede|süre|Türkçe
lukas||
önemlisi||
arkadaşının|arkadaşı|Türkçe
insan|insan|Arapça
yılmaz|yılmaz|Türkçe
binasında|bina|Arapça
bulunmadığı|bulunma|Türkçe
serdar||
yazı|yazı|Türkçe
mesajı|mesajı|Türkçe
şampiyonu|şampiyon|Fransızca
kuşatma||
başlattığı||
binada|bina|Arapça
araştırma||
bütçe||
143||
140||
boş||
görüntüleri|görüntü|Türkçe
yerleri|yerler|Türkçe
yerlere|yerler|Türkçe
görüşmenin||
alarak||
emeği||
muhalif|muhal|Arapça
birbirine|birbirine|Türkçe
mansur||
yangına||
evlerinde|evlerin|Türkçe
selahattin||
gerçekleştiren||
isveç||
görevlileri|görev|Türkçe
seçkin|seçkin|Türkçe
tutukluluk|tutukluluk|Türkçe
döneminin|dönem|Türkçe
yerleştirilen||
bayer||
denizde|deniz|Eski Türkçe
yakalandı||
gaziantepspor|gazi|Arapça
kullanılan||
hükümetimiz|hüküm|Arapça
getiriyor|getiri|Türkçe
kaybetti||
mahallesindeki|mahalle|Arapça
yürütme||
buradaki||
malzemeleri|malzeme|Arapça
200||
dayalı||
takip||
medipol||
devletinin|devlet|Arapça
aytaç||
teşkil||
değerlendirilen|değer|Türkçe
iktidarı||
bulunmak|bulunma|Türkçe
yolda|yolda|Türkçe
demirtaştan||
uzlaşı||
hakim|haki|Farsça
kaldıklarını||
geleni|geleni|Türkçe
haşdi||
kadrosunda||
tutarı|tutar|Türkçe
mağduriyet|mağduriyet|Arapça
belirsizlik|beli|Farsça
azez||
iktidara||
katılan||
bakanlığınca||
halis||
halit||
izlanda||
halil||
etkiledi|etki|Türkçe
kuvvetleri|kuvvet|Arapça
olduklarını||
danışmanlık|danışmanlık|Türkçe
traktörün||
patlaması|patlama|Türkçe
devrilmesi|devrilme|Türkçe
havaalanı|hava|Arapça
alırken||
amacı||
her|her|Farsça
yapılacağı|yapı|Türkçe
adamı|adamı|Türkçe
eğitim||
arası|arası|Türkçe
yetki||
tanık||
miktarı|miktar|Arapça
eşi||
şehrinde|şehrin|Türkçe
sistemleri|sistemler|Türkçe
sözleşmesi|sözle|Türkçe
hayatı|hayat|Arapça
olmadı|olma|Türkçe
aleyhine|aleyh|Arapça
kalması||
ekonomisinin|ekonomi|Fransızca
alma|alma|Türkçe
ağı|ağı|Eski Türkçe
soylu|soylu|Türkçe
parasal|para|Farsça
çalışmalarla||
bilgiler|bilgiler|Türkçe
işçileri|işçi|Türkçe
mısır|mısır|Arapça
zeynep||
kenti|kent|Soğdca
kardeşlik|kardeşlik|Türkçe
yıllarında||
binası|bina|Arapça
milyon||
edilecek||
uçakları|uçak|Türkçe
marmara||
değerlendirmede|değerlendirme|Türkçe
dünyası|dünya|Arapça
toplantıda|toplantı|Türkçe
düzenledi|düzen|Türkçe
çıkarılması|çıkarılma|Türkçe
şengül||
cezalar|ceza|Arapça
öksüz|öksüz|Eski Türkçe
kişilerden|kişiler|Türkçe
bakımından|bakımından|Türkçe
mahrum|mahrum|Arapça
gereğini||
öğrenim|öğrenim|Türkçe
meslekten|meslek|Arapça
çözücü|çözücü|Türkçe
çiçek|çiçek|Eski Türkçe
olay|olay|Türkçe
tayyip||
mücadelesi||
öncelik|öncelik|Türkçe
hükümetinin|hüküm|Arapça
sokaklara|sokak|Arapça
etmeyiz|etme|Türkçe
köklü|köklü|Türkçe
cennet|cennet|Arapça
ayında|ayın|Arapça
taktik|takti|Arapça
sözleşmeye|sözle|Türkçe
amaçlarının||
ihanet|ihanet|Arapça
nüfus|nüfus|Arapça
kurtarılamadı|kurt|Farsça
alıp||
satış||
açılan||
unun||
bilgileri|bilgiler|Türkçe
bilgilere|bilgiler|Türkçe
başvurdu||
aracın|aracın|Türkçe
yarıdaki|yarı|Türkçe
infaz|infaz|Arapça
sistemde|sistem|Fransızca
vurgulandı||
hedefim|hedef|Arapça
bakanlığına||
kurdu||
böbrek|böbrek|Eski Türkçe
fotoğrafını|fotoğraf|Fransızca
atatürk||
çevresindeki|çevre|Türkçe
yakalandığı||
rakip||
almasının|alma|Türkçe
izin|izin|Arapça
dışarıdan|dışarı|Türkçe
istikrarın|istikrar|Arapça
yapılması|yapılma|Türkçe
bakanlıktan|bakanlık|Türkçe
icra|icra|Arapça
erkek|erkek|Eski Türkçe
sürdürüyoruz||
endişe|endişe|Farsça
mahallede|mahalle|Arapça
sırbistan||
elde|elde|Türkçe
yana||
aynur||
hizmet|hizmet|Arapça
artışı|artış|Türkçe
dışarıda|dışarı|Türkçe
öne||
yakınları|yakın|Eski Türkçe
önüne||
çabalarına||
oluşturmak|oluşturmak|Türkçe
vermesi||
bizleri||
alındıktan|alındı|Türkçe
ederiz||
ederim||
alınarak|alın|Türkçe
özgür|özgür|Türkçe
hakem||
chp||
milletvekili|millet|Arapça
sırasında|sırası|Türkçe
mesaj|mesaj|Fransızca
mesai|mesai|Arapça
artışa|artış|Türkçe
işletme|işletme|Türkçe
hesabından||
çocuklarıyla|çocukları|Türkçe
aralığında||
tsk||
kendilerinden||
süreli|süreli|Türkçe
yapıyor|yapı|Türkçe
bilinen||
ediyorum||
uzak|uzak|Eski Türkçe
uzay||
geliştirme|geliştirme|Türkçe
şirketleri|şirketleri|Türkçe
etnik|etnik|Fransızca
basketbol|basketbol|İngilizce
memuru||
ayakta|ayakta|Türkçe
gayret|gayr|Arapça
eğitime||
kaplan|kaplan|Eski Türkçe
ulaştığını||
eğitimi||
mahkemece|mahkeme|Arapça
gelen|gelen|Türkçe
sürecini|süre|Türkçe
sürecine|süre|Türkçe
kariyerinde|kariyer|Fransızca
hakkari||
sekreter||
aktardı|aktar| Arapça
sektörde|sektör|Fransızca
idlib||
zirvesi|zirve|Arapça
kaymakam|kaymakam| Arapça
reform||
alanlara||
kültür|kült|Fransızca
deniz|deniz|Eski Türkçe
hatırlatan||
lokman|lokma|Arapça
sorumluluğu|soru|Türkçe
eylül|eylül|Süryanice
ramallah||
bünyesindeki|bünye|Arapça
cadde||
ilişkilerin|ilişkiler|Türkçe
rusya||
mahalle|mahalle|Arapça
gençlik||
bölücü|bölücü|Türkçe
alanları||
komitesi|komite|Fransızca
hazine||
belgrad||
uygulamayı||
yürüten||
güvenliği|güvenli|Türkçe
sorumlu|soru|Türkçe
birine||
birini||
vatan|vatan|Arapça
yapıp|yapı|Türkçe
istiyorum||
yapım|yapı|Türkçe
aday||
kaybetmesinin||
şarjör|şarjör|Fransızca
birleşik|birleşik|Türkçe
soruya|soru|Türkçe
soruyu|soru|Türkçe
jetlerinin||
tarihinde|tarih|Arapça
çekti||
komşu|komşu|Eski Türkçe
operasyonları|operasyon|Fransızca
ekber||
ekibin||
olaylarının|olayların|Türkçe
vatandaşlardan|vatandaş|Türkçe
samimi|samimi|Arapça
takımdan|takım|Türkçe
aslında||
kur|kur|Fransızca
sınıfı|sınıf|Arapça
birimleri||
oğlunun||
hedeflerine|hedef|Arapça
hedeflerini|hedef|Arapça
çarptı||
göz|göz|Eski Türkçe
sahibine|sahi|Arapça
dışından||
operasyonlara|operasyon|Fransızca
kamera|kamera|Fransızca
geçmesini||
bırakıldığı||
cumhurbaşkanlığı|cumhur|Arapça
istemiyoruz|istem|Türkçe
yaparak||
400||
konuları|konu|Türkçe
aynı||
sevk|sevk|Arapça
köye||
dünyanın|dünyanın|Türkçe
sloganıyla|slogan|Fransızca
açıklayan|açıklayan|Türkçe
üye||
tedbirler|tedbir|Arapça
doğrultusunda||
sağcı||
köyü||
ressam|ressam| Arapça
konulara|konu|Türkçe
dört|dört|Eski Türkçe
saldırılar|saldırı|Türkçe
derdiyok||
çiftinin|çift|Farsça
oranı|oran|Türkçe
otomatik|otomat|Fransızca
istediğimiz||
vermeleri||
alım|alım|Türkçe
alın|alın|Türkçe
vatandaşlarının|vatandaş|Türkçe
takım|takım|Türkçe
gelenlerin|gelen|Türkçe
sezonunun|sezon|Fransızca
hapisle|hapis|Arapça
açıklamaya|açıklama|Türkçe
pkk||
ihale||
savcılığın|savcı|Eski Türkçe
gruplar|grup|Fransızca
lavrov||
açılması|açılma|Türkçe
hakkına||
görevliler|görev|Türkçe
düşman|düşman|Farsça
uygulamasına||
devre|devre|Arapça
muş|muş|Fransızca
ekonomik|ekonomik|Fransızca
çıkardığı||
hakkını||
geçen|geçen|Türkçe
ligin||
türkmenleri||
attı||
batı||
acar|acar|Arapça
mensuplarınca||
sistemle|sistemle|Türkçe
israilli||
katafalka|katafalk|Fransızca
çaba||
nüfuslu|nüfus|Arapça
yakın|yakın|Eski Türkçe
çizdi||
yakıt|yakıt|Türkçe
dörder|dörder|Türkçe
riskler|risk|Fransızca
içinden||
kalmadı||
patlayıcıların|patlayıcı|Türkçe
rakam||
derinlikte|derinlik|Türkçe
detaylı|detaylı|Türkçe
artışının|artış|Türkçe
rol|rol|Fransızca
raporun||
göksel||
merkezindeki|merkezi|Türkçe
sonunda|sonunda|Türkçe
gazetesinin|gazete|Fransızca
posta|post|Farsça
köşe|köşe|Farsça
işitme|işitme|Türkçe
aktarıldı|aktar| Arapça
günlerde||
merkezleri|merkezler|Türkçe
kamp||
kamu|kamu|Eski Türkçe
etkilediğini|etki|Türkçe
anda||
yeterli|yeter|Türkçe
ekiplerinin|ekip|Fransızca
averajla|averaj|Fransızca
azami||
başladığı||
cezalandırıldı|ceza|Arapça
sorunlarının|sorun|Türkçe
senedir|sene|Arapça
çalışan||
çoğunluğu|çoğun|Türkçe
başkanlık||
yağışı|yağı|Türkçe
plastik|plastik|Fransızca
yaşanan|yaşa|Türkçe
muhabirinin||
farklı|fark|Arapça
kısmı||
edildiğini||
turu|turu|Türkçe
sitesinden|sitesi|Türkçe
alınmış|alın|Türkçe
eylemleri|eylem|Türkçe
ilgi||
gereği||
haberi|haber|Arapça
habere|haber|Arapça
suriye||
kaynaklı|kaynak|Eski Türkçe
saldırılarında|saldırı|Türkçe
muhalefetin|muhalefet|Arapça
bırakılması|bırakılma|Türkçe
isteği||
zeminde|zemin|Farsça
gördükten||
farkla|farkla|Türkçe
devletimiz|devlet|Arapça
toplumun|toplum|Türkçe
futbolcusu|futbol|İngilizce
başkanlığını||
arttığı||
kendisinden||
ulaşmak|ulaşmak|Türkçe
formayı|forma|İtalyanca
yönetmelik|yönetmelik|Türkçe
oranının|oran|Türkçe
belirtmişti|beli|Farsça
sürülen||
füze||
pilot||
roketatarla||
sezonun|sezon|Fransızca
komutanlığına|komutan|Türkçe
beşşar||
gölgesinde|gölge|Eski Türkçe
tasarım||
araçtaki|araçta|Türkçe
azaldı||
çalışıyorlar||
polisi||
kongre|kongre|Fransızca
aralıkta|aralıkta|Türkçe
aileleriyle|aile|Arapça
çıkacağını||
sağladı||
büyükşehir|büyük|Eski Türkçe
görevlisi|görev|Türkçe
geçirildi||
alınıp|alın|Türkçe
görüntü|görüntü|Türkçe
akrabalarının|akraba|Arapça
nün||
yuvarlak|yuvar|Türkçe
olabileceği||
müslümanlar||
gündoğmuş||
görüşmelerine||
amaçlı||
düzenlendiğini|düzen|Türkçe
suç|suç|Türkçe
daire|daire|Arapça
tamamlayan|tamam|Arapça
yönetiminin||
hendek|hendek|Arapça
yerinin||
verilmesi|verilme|Türkçe
dönerek||
sur|sur|Arapça
canlarını||
ligde||
sürecinin|süre|Türkçe
sarılı|sarılı|Türkçe
kızım||
karagöz|karagöz|Eski Türkçe
vermeden||
göstererek||
düşünüyorum|düşün|Türkçe
biraz|bira|İtalyanca
düşünüyoruz|düşün|Türkçe
müslümanların||
olası|olası|Türkçe
ibrahim|ibra|Arapça
okan||
birer|birer|Türkçe
mülteciyi||
araca|araca|Türkçe
imhası||
adımların||
demirci||
büyüklüğünde|büyük|Eski Türkçe
turan|tura|Türkçe
aracı|aracı|Türkçe
birinci|birinci|Türkçe
brüksel||
günlerinde||
yaptık||
konsolosluk|konsol|Fransızca
riyad||
valiliği||
liraya|lira|İtalyanca
şeridi|şeri|Arapça
hatırlattı||
annesi|anne|Türkçe
seviyede|seviye|Arapça
girdik||
vardı||
konuşmada|konuş|Türkçe
kazandıran|kaza|Arapça
tamamının|tamam|Arapça
halde||
hamile|hamile|Arapça
maliye|maliye|Arapça
otobüs|otobüs|Fransızca
eskişehir||
kalkan|kalkan|Türkçe
memleketi|memleket| Arapça
96||
çarpması|çarpma|Türkçe
görüşmeler||
özcan||
söyleyen||
yılları||
sorusu|soru|Türkçe
miktarda|miktar|Arapça
gönderilen|gönderi|Türkçe
kesinti|kesi|Türkçe
oynanan||
bağlayan||
mart|mart|Latince
bulunmuştu||
martin|martin|İtalyanca
bayern||
paralel|para|Farsça
kürt||
işi||
işe||
yıllara||
kemal|kemal|Arapça
etmiyor||
hüseyin||
temenni||
teröristlerin|terörist|Fransızca
istedim||
uluslararası|ulus|Türkçe
medine||
süreceğini|süre|Türkçe
kenan||
eşini||
uygulamayla||
kanal|kana|İtalyanca
elemeleri||
varılan|varı|Türkçe
siyasetçiler|siyasetçiler|Türkçe
belediyespor|belediye|Arapça
başkanları||
vatandaşın|vatandaş|Türkçe
kurulunun|kurulu|Türkçe
mavili|mavili|Türkçe
sonuçlara|sonuç|Türkçe
galatasaraylı||
acil|acil|Arapça
yapacağı||
minibüs|mini|Fransızca
evinden|evin|Türkçe
liderleri|lider|İngilizce
takviye||
kılınan||
kararıyla|karar|Arapça
arayan||
buluştu|buluş|Türkçe
başlıyor||
astsubay||
sonuçları|sonuç|Türkçe
bürosu|büro|Fransızca
öğretime|öğretim|Türkçe
tahrik|tahrik|Arapça
tahrip||
dakikada|dakika|Arapça
ortada||
oynanacak||
edip||
edin||
gelişmekte|gelişme|Türkçe
diyanet|diyanet|Arapça
fazla|fazla|Arapça
artarak||
metrelik|metrelik|Türkçe
gittiğini||
maçta||
çıkıp||
şikayet||
şiddetin||
güldürdü||
çalıştıklarını||
tüfek|tüfek|Farsça
haberleşme|haber|Arapça
halkın|halk|Arapça
başlatıldı||
sakinleri|sakinler|Türkçe
taşıyarak||
bölümünde|bölüm|Türkçe
yöneticileri||
duyurmuştu||
torku|tork|İngilizce
hazırlanıyor|hazır|Arapça
türkoğlu||
halkına|halk|Arapça
hükmün||
gerçekleştirildiği||
militanları||
önder||
belirtti|beli|Farsça
kısıtlama|kısıtlama|Türkçe
kıran|kıran|Türkçe
vakfı||
söylemek|söylemek|Eski Türkçe
yakından|yakından|Türkçe
gülen||
kanuna|kanun|Arapça
güler||
geçirmek|geçirme|Türkçe
bulut||
kartı||
gittikleri||
onların|onlar|Türkçe
transfer|transfer|Fransızca
çetiner||
hilal|hilal|Arapça
savcılık|savcılık|Türkçe
başına|başına|Türkçe
ölenlerin||
tazminatı|tazmin|Arapça
topladığı||
fitne|fitne|Arapça
ağustos|ağustos|Latince
kalbi||
hizmetleri|hizmet|Arapça
altındaki||
haber|haber|Arapça
yerleşimcilerin||
yüksek|yüksek|Türkçe
millet|millet|Arapça
tüik||
camileri|cami|Arapça
aralarında||
gayet|gaye|Arapça
saldırısının|saldırı|Türkçe
gitmeye||
gitmek|gitmek|Eski Türkçe
futbolda|futbol|İngilizce
savunan||
değerlendiren|değer|Türkçe
özel|özel|Türkçe
haziran|haziran|Arapça
mevsim||
şart|şart|Arapça
anlatarak||
ceza|ceza|Arapça
duruma|durum|Eski Türkçe
durumu|durum|Eski Türkçe
arife|arif|Arapça
fırsat||
sanık||
numaralı|numaralı|Türkçe
merkezini|merkezi|Türkçe
gününe||
merkezine|merkezi|Türkçe
iddiaları|iddia|Arapça
sms||
kalınlığının|kalın|Eski Türkçe
kazası|kaza|Arapça
programına|programın|Türkçe
saha|saha|Arapça
170||
olmadan|olma|Türkçe
kardeşlerimiz|kardeş|Eski Türkçe
uçuş||
sebebiyle||
öğrencilerin|öğrenci|Türkçe
ücretle|ücret|Arapça
çetin||
görünüyor||
tamamında|tamam|Arapça
işaret|işaret|Arapça
büyükelçisi|büyük|Eski Türkçe
saldırdığını||
kız|kız|Türkçe
faiz||
imha||
rhodolfo||
politikasının|politikası|Türkçe
şii||
250||
kalaşnikof|kala|Türkçe
renk|renk|Farsça
tamamlanması|tamamlanma|Türkçe
kış|kış|Eski Türkçe
iletti||
cezalandırılması|ceza|Arapça
geleceği|gele|Türkçe
vatandaşlar|vatandaş|Türkçe
geleceğe|gele|Türkçe
topu||
sevdiğini||
hayat|hayat|Arapça
bölgesi||
çözülmesi|çözülme|Türkçe
savaşın|savaş|Türkçe
ziyareti|ziya|Arapça
bakım|bakım|Türkçe
bakır|bakır|Türkçe
belediye|belediye|Arapça
sarıoğlu|sarı|Eski Türkçe
oluşturmaya|oluşturma|Türkçe
rapora||
bize||
bizi||
sermaye|sermaye|Farsça
olduankara||
soruşturması|soruşturma|Türkçe
kaydedilen||
yarısının|yarı|Türkçe
açıklama|açıklama|Türkçe
gıda|gıda|Arapça
eyaleti||
golcü|golcü|Türkçe
temsilcisi||
kesimlerinde|kesi|Türkçe
yeri||
yere||
konusunda|konu|Türkçe
öldürdüğü||
ölçüde||
ülkelerini||
ülkelerine||
sürüyor||
kendisini||
kendisine||
yenileme|yenileme|Türkçe
meyve|meyve|Farsça
atarak||
eski||
kızılayı|kızıl|Türkçe
barikat|barikat|Fransızca
spor|spor|Fransızca
erzurum||
yakup||
anlayış|anlayış|Türkçe
konu|konu|Türkçe
etmediğini|etme|Türkçe
yönetime||
yönetimi||
gazetecilere|gazete|Fransızca
alacak|alacak|Türkçe
oynadı||
üstün|üstün|Eski Türkçe
varsa||
uzlaşma||
kaynaklanan|kaynak|Eski Türkçe
istikrarlı|istikrarlı|Türkçe
görevi|görevi|Türkçe
göreve|görev|Türkçe
ispanya|ispanya|Türkçe
imam|imam|Arapça
suçlarından||
belirtildi|beli|Farsça
sipariş||
cengiz||
sahasını|saha|Arapça
mağlubiyet|mağlubiyet|Arapça
kızılay|kızıl|Türkçe
tahran|tahra|Farsça
taki||
daki||
mahalleleri|mahalle|Arapça
izniyle||
inanıyoruz||
konusundaki|konu|Türkçe
inanıyorum||
vardır||
beşiktaş|beşik|Eski Türkçe
komutanlığı|komutan|Türkçe
seçimlerde||
gerçekleştirdiği||
bomba|bomba|İtalyanca
azalışla||
incelemede|ince|Eski Türkçe
vurgu||
birliği||
geniş|geniş|Eski Türkçe
maçla||
konya||
denizi|deniz|Eski Türkçe
denize|deniz|Eski Türkçe
krizinin||
etkinlikler|etkinlik|Türkçe
yapılıyor|yapılı|Türkçe
yansıdı|yansı|Türkçe
yaşlı|yaşlı|Türkçe
birtakım||
müdahil||
atıldı|atıl|Arapça
polisin||
muğla||
putin||
enbar||
kaybettiği||
sanatçı|sanatçı|Türkçe
anlaşmaya||
refah||
çelik|çelik|Türkçe
62||
64||
girişiminde|girişim|Türkçe
önümüzde||
adaylarının||
tuba|tuba|Fransızca
yalova||
aş|aş|Eski Türkçe
forvet|forvet|İngilizce
kuran||
arkasında||
yaşadık|yaşa|Türkçe
yönetimine||
aracıyla|aracı|Türkçe
nisan|nisan|Arapça
ülkesi||
ifade|ifade|Arapça
sıfır||
temsilcileri||
aa||
ab|ab|Farsça
ak|ak|Eski Türkçe
al||
an|an|Arapça
ay|ay|Türkçe
gözaltı||
acı|acı|Eski Türkçe
liralık|liralık|Türkçe
savunuyor||
başaran||
annem|anne|Türkçe
sözü|sözü|Türkçe
sorunlar|sorun|Türkçe
muhabir||
soruşturmanın|soruşturma|Türkçe
eyaletine||
tedbirlerin|tedbir|Arapça
ismail||
yavuz|yavuz|Eski Türkçe
sekreteri||
kontrol|kontrol|Fransızca
getirmeye||
çocuklarına|çocukların|Türkçe
suçların||
bulduğunu||
kadının|kadının|Türkçe
ayrılan||
deplasmanda|deplasman| Fransızca
kullanıldığını||
onlarca|onlarca|Türkçe
rodriguez||
karşılık||
şüpheliler|şüphe|Arapça
razı|razı|Arapça
vermesini||
çocuklarını|çocukların|Türkçe
kazandı|kaza|Arapça
kadıköy|kadı|Farsça
konuşma|konuş|Türkçe
önemli||
uyruklu|uyruklu|Türkçe
gördük||
önlemler|önlem|Türkçe
dedi||
dede|dede|Eski Türkçe
sıralarında|sıra|Türkçe
tespit||
işçi|işçi|Türkçe
eve|eve|Türkçe
altışar||
şunları|şunlar|Türkçe
kaçak||
kaçan||
olacağız||
hizmete|hizmet|Arapça
osmanlı||
hizmeti|hizmet|Arapça
miktarının|miktar|Arapça
formasıyla|forma|İtalyanca
karşılaşacak||
yılından||
çakar||
değerlendirme|değerlendirme|Türkçe
kaybetmesi||
özerk||
obama||
sezon|sezon|Fransızca
alacağını||
sık|sık|Türkçe
öğretmen|öğretme|Türkçe
plan|plan|Fransızca
artışla|artış|Türkçe
sezona|sezon|Fransızca
üretimi|üretim|Türkçe
biletlerin|bilet|Fransızca
sezonu|sezon|Fransızca
kulübe|kulübe|Farsça
ticaretin|ticaret|Arapça
iddia|iddia|Arapça
gaziantep|gazi|Arapça
namazı|namaz|Farsça
tören|tören|Türkçe
polise||
ses|ses|Eski Türkçe
kulübü||
girişimci|girişimci|Türkçe
resmi|resmi|Arapça
muhatap|muhat|Arapça
dernekler|dernek|Eski Türkçe
yerleşimciler||
istihbari|istihbar|Arapça
gürcistan||
sınırındaki||
takımlarının|takım|Türkçe
ülkelerinde||
şirketlerinin|şirketlerin|Türkçe
çıkış|çıkış|Türkçe
kaybederek||
verimli|verimli|Türkçe
havada|hava|Arapça
satışlarında||
kalmaya||
yayınladığı||
seferlerini|sefer|Arapça
milletler|millet|Arapça
sincar||
gençlere||
gençleri||
elimizden|elim|Arapça
gösteriler||
esnasında||
gösterilen||
düştü||
işlem||
işler|işler|Türkçe
güvenli|güvenli|Türkçe
hastanesindeki|hastane|Farsça
şan|şan|Arapça
şam||
avcı|avcı|Eski Türkçe
ruhu|ruhu|Türkçe
hesap||
konseyi|konsey|Fransızca
toplumsal|toplum|Türkçe
uzaktan|uzak|Eski Türkçe
desteğini||
avusturya||
cenazesi|cenaze|Arapça
avci||
topraklarının|toprakların|Türkçe
sağladığı||
nakli|nakli|Arapça
değerlendirdi|değer|Türkçe
piyasada||
yollar|yollar|Türkçe
süper||
sene|sene|Arapça
gereken||
edildikleri||
insanlar|insanlar|Türkçe
eskişehirspor||
firma|firma|İtalyanca
katıldı||
ler||
sigorta||
masum|masum|Arapça
gücümüz|gücü|Türkçe
ağrı||
tutulması||
düzeni|düzen|Türkçe
kentinde|kent|Soğdca
düzene|düzen|Türkçe
sistemini|sistem|Fransızca
haftanın|hafta|Farsça
sistemine|sistem|Fransızca
çağrı|çağrı|Türkçe
hafif|hafif|Arapça
tüm||
infilak|infilak|Arapça
ettiklerini||
finansman|finans|Fransızca
lık||
gideceği||
necip|necip|Arapça
ailesine|aile|Arapça
olmadığına|olma|Türkçe
eleştiri|eleştiri|Türkçe
tanıtım|tanıt|Türkçe
savaşta|savaş|Türkçe
isterse||
komisyonu|komisyon|Fransızca
almayı|alma|Türkçe
geçirdi||
450||
ihh||
olmadığını|olma|Türkçe
basına|basın|Türkçe
noktada||
doların|dolar|Flamanca
kuruluş|kuruluş|Türkçe
almaya|alma|Türkçe
said||
karşılanan||
iş||
devreye|devre|Arapça
devreyi|devre|Arapça
krallığı|kral|Sırpça
mühimmat|mühimmat|Arapça
ulaştı||
parlamenter|parlamenter|Fransızca
sığınmacılara|sığınmacı|Türkçe
tarifeli|tarife|Arapça
binlerce|binlerce|Türkçe
ihraç|ihraç|Arapça
lale|lale|Farsça
teröristlere|terörist|Fransızca
edilen||
açıklamada|açıklama|Türkçe
eylemlerine|eylem|Türkçe
sabahın|sabah|Arapça
telafi||
olaylar|olaylar|Türkçe
katkı||
binalarına|bina|Arapça
güç|güç|Eski Türkçe
çıktı|çıktı|Türkçe
kontrolünde|kontrol|Fransızca
baktığımızda||
görerek||
tahir||
vakıflar|vakıf|Arapça
gül|gül|Farsça
gün||
vuruşla|vuruş|Türkçe
yaşta||
tahmin|tahmin|Arapça
seviyesinin|seviye|Arapça
unsurlarının|unsur|Arapça
fenerbahçe|fener|Yunanca
katılarak||
fırsatta||
işini||
birlikleri|birlik|Türkçe
mhp||
bulunuyoruz||
duyurmak|duyurma|Türkçe
değişikliği|değişik|Türkçe
satışa||
yaptırımların||
yapılmadı|yapılma|Türkçe
sistem|sistem|Fransızca
daveti|davet|Arapça
ilçesine||
düzenlenen|düzen|Türkçe
sırada|sıra|Türkçe
sürdü||
topçu||
ekrad||
kaldırıldı||
sloganlar|slogan|Fransızca
damga||
genelindeki||
sınırını||
barcelona||
edilmemesi||
kulüp|kulüp|Fransızca
partilerin|parti|Fransızca
şampiyonası|şampiyona|Fransızca
çalışarak||
vefat|vefat|Arapça
ligdeki||
öğrenciler|öğrenci|Türkçe
bebeğin||
faaliyetlerinin|faal|Arapça
hayırlı|hayırlı|Türkçe
otomobili|otomobili|Türkçe
ilgisini||
çerçevesinde||
çalışması||
metreküp|metre| Fransızca
kazakistan|kazak|Fransızca
ptt||
paşa|paşa|Türkçe
dizi|dizi|Türkçe
sağlıyor||
istikametine|istikamet|Arapça
edebileceğini||
zorlu||
oluşturdu|oluş|Türkçe
güçlerinin||
sürücü|sürücü|Türkçe
yahudiler|yahu|Arapça
yaralıların|yaralı|Türkçe
vurgulanan||
edilmektedir||
çavuşoğlu|çavuş|Rumca
yakınında|yakın|Eski Türkçe
elitaş|elit|Fransızca
kullandı||
bahanesiyle|bahane|Farsça
gösterdi||
anlık|anlık|Türkçe
hırvat||
merhamet|merhamet|Arapça
meseleler|mesele|Arapça
satışı||
güçleri||
organize|organize|Türkçe
siyaset|siyaset|Arapça
köyleri||
köyde||
sorunların|sorun|Türkçe
aktarılan|aktar| Arapça
ypg||
sıcak|sıcak|Eski Türkçe
keskin|keskin|Türkçe
geçtiğimiz||
madde|madde|Arapça
alınması|alınma|Türkçe
maddi||
müdahalesi|müdahale|Arapça
maça||
havai|hava|Arapça
köşkü|köşk|Eski Türkçe
dr||
bulmak||
durumdan|durum|Eski Türkçe
mustafa||
süresince|süre|Türkçe
sıralandı|sıra|Türkçe
ürün||
muslera||
com||
tutuksuz|tutuksuz|Türkçe
kapattı||
dönemine|dönem|Türkçe
ifadesi|ifade|Arapça
biçimde|biçim|Türkçe
afganistan||
ankette|anket|Fransızca
thy||
kaldırıldığı||
dayanışma|dayanış|Türkçe
ayrıntılı|ayrıntılı|Türkçe
organizasyon|organizasyon|Fransızca
açıldığını||
arap|arap|Arapça
milli||
payı||
şabi||
köylerde||
geldiğini||
müdahale|müdahale|Arapça
yolu||
geldiğine||
abdurrahman||
araç|araç|Türkçe
sorumlusu|soru|Türkçe
yanarak||
otel||
takipçisi||
üç||
hedeflere|hedef|Arapça
hedefleri|hedef|Arapça
aramada||
iletişim|iletiş|Türkçe
yedek||
çifte|çifte|Farsça
bulunmadığını|bulunma|Türkçe
talebinde||
araçları|araçları|Türkçe
ün||
ihtiyaçlarını|ihtiyaçlar|Türkçe
şehit|şehit|Arapça
şehir|şehir|Farsça
operasyona|operasyon|Fransızca
öğrencisi|öğrenci|Türkçe
koyun|koyun|Eski Türkçe
koyup|koyu|Türkçe
nihat||
döneminde|dönem|Türkçe
olacağına||
yarısında|yarı|Türkçe
saatlerine|saat|Arapça
kapadokya||
harekatı|hare|Farsça
hindistan|hindi|Arapça
yönetiminde||
sakarya|saka|Arapça
mobil|mobil|Fransızca
diyalog|diyalog|Fransızca
gösterdiğini||
sahra|sahra|Arapça
boyraz||
açıklamasına|açıklama|Türkçe
iktidar||
olacağını||
itiraz||
tıp||
kaynak|kaynak|Eski Türkçe
sağladığını||
yapması|yapma|Türkçe
tehdidi||
yanlışlık|yanlışlık|Türkçe
hale||
halk|halk|Arapça
hükmetti||
el|el|Eski Türkçe
ek||
ez||
et||
ev|ev|Eski Türkçe
es|es|Türkçe
er||
evlerin|evlerin|Türkçe
etkin|etkin|Türkçe
kökenli|kökenli|Türkçe
sokağı||
duyuruldu|duyuru|Türkçe
arada||
hasırlı|hasırlı|Türkçe
binanın|bina|Arapça
geçtiği||
kentteki|kent|Soğdca
verileceği|verile|Türkçe
dolar|dolar|Flamanca
ithal|ithal|Arapça
fikri||
tasvip|tasvip|Arapça
yağışının|yağı|Türkçe
dünkü|dünkü|Türkçe
sağlamaya|sağlam|Türkçe
sokağa|sokağa|Türkçe
ortadan||
doktor|doktor| Fransızca
ailesi|aile|Arapça
yaşlıların|yaşlı|Türkçe
görüldüğü||
ertesi|ertesi|Türkçe
beklediği||
çabası||
gönderildiği|gönderi|Türkçe
morgundan|morg|Fransızca
kartla||
değişiklik|değişik|Türkçe
görüştü||
örgütün|örgüt|Türkçe
çadır|çadır|Farsça
teşvik|teşvik|Arapça
dabanoğlu||
suçunu||
yunus||
eşinin||
sabır|sabır|Arapça
müdahalelere|müdahale|Arapça
peşmerge||
hazırladı|hazır|Arapça
bilinçli|bilinç|Türkçe
müzik||
artan||
örgütsel|örgüt|Türkçe
sportif|sportif|Fransızca
değerlendirmesinde|değerlendirme|Türkçe
seyirci|seyir|Arapça
altını||
transferi|transfer|Fransızca
ailelerine|aile|Arapça
şartlarının|şart|Arapça
mensubunun||
buğra||
getirerek||
türkleri||
vurgulayarak||
protesto||
gerileyerek|geri|Eski Türkçe
altına||
sürdüren||
tutum||
yaşamını|yaşa|Türkçe
gemisi|gemi|Eski Türkçe
konusu|konu|Türkçe
kararlı|karar|Arapça
ukrayna||
güçlerimiz||
balık|balık|Eski Türkçe
yükseköğretim|yüksek|Türkçe
veri|veri|Türkçe
nöbet|nöbet|Arapça
emeklilik|emeklilik|Türkçe
çeşitli|çeşit|Farsça
şehitler|şehit|Arapça
başarı||
marka|marka|İtalyanca
anayasal|anayasa|Türkçe
real||
iddiasıyla|iddia|Arapça
buruk|buruk|Eski Türkçe
katıldığını||
girdi||
suçundan||
sitesinde|sitesi|Türkçe
kaybeden||
ulaşım|ulaşım|Türkçe
isviçre||
sürücüler|sürücü|Türkçe
karabük|kara|Eski Türkçe
süresi|süre|Türkçe
milyar|milyar|Fransızca
inşaat|inşaat|Arapça
eserleri|eser|Arapça
dersi|ders|Arapça
neticesinde|netice|Arapça
keşif||
öncesi||
fakültesi|fakülte|Fransızca
çalışmalar||
barışçıl|barış|Türkçe
kürtlerin||
dolarlık|dolar|Flamanca
seçimlerin||
ediyorlar||
haftasında|hafta|Farsça
izlediği||
imkan||
yayın||
orhan||
düşüşün||
kars||
etkisinin|etki|Türkçe
denildi||
kart||
şirket|şirket|Arapça
kurumlar|kurum|Türkçe
çıkarıldığı||
belçika||
hedeflenen|hedef|Arapça
görülmesi|görülme|Türkçe
kesilen|kesi|Türkçe
evden|evden|Türkçe
grubun||
bakanlar||
kırsalındaki||
fiyatlarındaki|fiyat|Arapça
planlayan|plan|Fransızca
gökhan||
polislerinin||
kaydettiği||
şiddetle||
bakıyor||
ülkeden||
karla||
getirdi||
patlayıcının|patlayıcı|Türkçe
gürbüz|gürbüz|Türkçe
salonu|salon|Fransızca
pazartesi|pazartesi|Türkçe
aştı||
talepleri|talep|Arapça
operasyonun|operasyon|Fransızca
cezai|ceza|Arapça
şubesi|şube|Arapça
afra||
barack||
gönüllü|gönüllü|Türkçe
zamanı|zaman|Arapça
krizine||
faaliyetlerini|faal|Arapça
bağış||
yılın||
sığınmacıların|sığınmacı|Türkçe
güneydoğu||
rus||
zamana|zaman|Arapça
tanesi|tane|Farsça
71||
çatısı|çatı|Türkçe
süredir|süre|Türkçe
güce||
yargılanan|yargı|Türkçe
gücü|gücü|Türkçe
seçim||
londra||
kilometre|kilometre|Fransızca
açıdan||
arif|arif|Arapça
çabalarını||
kıyı|kıyı|Eski Türkçe
görülecek||
elinde||
direkte|direkt|Fransızca
olmayan|olma|Türkçe
ulu|ulu|Türkçe
gerekçesiyle||
öncesinde||
çift|çift|Farsça
mücadelesini||
inandığını||
ilçeye||
sürmesi||
suçlu|suçlu|Türkçe
ekibine||
merak|merak|Arapça
hareketleri|hareket|Arapça
burayı||
yürüyüşe|yürüyüş|Türkçe
beş||
tüfe||
yılbaşı||
ecb||
açılmasını|açılma|Türkçe
ihtiyacımız||
politikaları|politikaları|Türkçe
pazar|pazar|Farsça
işlemleri||
bek|bek|İngilizce
hapse||
gördüğü||
başında|başın|Türkçe
artarken||
vereceği|vere| Slavca
liderliğindeki|lider|İngilizce
esnafın||
elçi|elçi|Türkçe
açmak|açmak|Eski Türkçe
hadi||
yük|yük|Türkçe
hükümetin|hüküm|Arapça
yüz||
120||
121||
123||
124||
verilerinden|verile|Türkçe
endişeleri|endişe|Farsça
gelmiş||
oyuncuyu|oyuncu|Türkçe
yaşadığı|yaşa|Türkçe
mensup||
yatırımcıların|yatır|Türkçe
idaresindeki|idare|Arapça
kapasitesi|kapasite|Fransızca
yaşananları|yaşa|Türkçe
adliyesi|adliye|Arapça
geçimini|geçim|Türkçe
üzüntü||
nebze|nebze|Arapça
handan|handan|Farsça
maçlarında|maçlar|Türkçe
serkan||
başsavcılığının||
iptali||
turda|turda|Türkçe
serhat|serhat|Farsça
başkent||
mühendisliği|mühendis|Arapça
polislerin||
yaşananlara|yaşa|Türkçe
girişinde|giriş|Türkçe
aslan|aslan|Eski Türkçe
yıllardır||
ellerinden||
bakanlığı||
kötüye||
battaniye||
düzenlediğini|düzen|Türkçe
uyarıda||
alanlarda||
canını||
vurguladı||
new||
net||
vadede|vade|Arapça
ortaklığı|ortak|Türkçe
sayıda|sayıda|Türkçe
üstünde|üstün|Eski Türkçe
erteledi|erte|Türkçe
rekabet||
kimliği||
hudut|hudut|Arapça
istifa||
kabul|kabul|Arapça
polis||
talimatıyla|talimat|Arapça
internetten||
bildirildi|bildiri|Türkçe
kerim|kerim|Arapça
düzenlenmesi|düzen|Türkçe
kulüpler|kulüp|Fransızca
rahatsızlığı|rahat|Arapça
toplantıya|toplantı|Türkçe
yaralı|yaralı|Türkçe
isa||
antrenmanın|antrenman|Fransızca
tazminat|tazmin|Arapça
anımsatan||
getirildiğini|getiri|Türkçe
samsun|samsun|Yunanca
çağatay||
ihlal|ihlal|Arapça
duyulduğu||
sıkıntılar|sıkıntılar|Türkçe
dünyadan|dünyadan|Türkçe
belirterek|beli|Farsça
öğrenci|öğrenci|Türkçe
tabii|tabii|Arapça
azalarak||
edici||
bıraktığı||
girmeye||
veren|vere| Slavca
emekli||
batısındaki||
etkilenen|etki|Türkçe
iç|iç|Eski Türkçe
sorulması|sorulma|Türkçe
tane|tane|Farsça
il||
in||
mahmut||
mahmud||
istihbarat|istihbar|Arapça
başlatılan||
atılan|atıl|Arapça
sürecin|süre|Türkçe
gerekmektedir|gerekme|Türkçe
engellemeye|engelleme|Türkçe
seviyesinde|seviye|Arapça
direktörü|direktör|Fransızca
düzenledikleri|düzen|Türkçe
katılmak|katılma|Türkçe
kaza|kaza|Arapça
www||
yayımlandı||
turizm||
doğum|doğum|Türkçe
gayriresmi|gayri|Arapça
azaltmak||
ölümüne|ölüm|Eski Türkçe
artırarak|artı|Türkçe
yetkililerinden|yetkililer|Türkçe
kategorisinde||
kapısında|kapı|Türkçe
aramalarda||
getirdik||
yazdığı||
büyük|büyük|Eski Türkçe
yatırımların|yatır|Türkçe
skoru|skor|İngilizce
sıcaklık|sıcaklık|Türkçe
çöp|çöp|Farsça
ambulansla|ambulans|Fransızca
havalimanı|havali|Arapça
ihmal||
savunarak||
kapasite|kapasite|Fransızca
etkilenmemesi|etkilenme|Türkçe
iddialarına|iddia|Arapça
hükümet|hüküm|Arapça
tehlikesi||
ambulans|ambulans|Fransızca
teslim|teslim|Arapça
başardı||
anımsattı||
gören||
kırgızistan||
çantası||
etmesinin|etme|Türkçe
katılması|katılma|Türkçe
yaptığımız||
trabzon||
dönümü||
getireceği||
desteği||
derece|derece|Latince
afet|afet|Arapça
yasal|yasa|Türkçe
yasak|yasa|Türkçe
faktoring||
birlik|birlik|Türkçe
muayene||
sulh|sulh|Arapça
odtü||
kurumsal|kurum|Türkçe
temaslarda|temas|Arapça
ilişkileri|ilişkiler|Türkçe
hayatta|hayat|Arapça
kaynaklar|kaynaklar|Türkçe
milyona||
roket||
civarında|civarın|Türkçe
duyduklarını||
namazını|namaz|Farsça
sembolü|sembol|Fransızca
edeceklerini||
görev|görev|Türkçe
ayrılacak||
olayla|olay|Türkçe
rahatlıkla|rahatlık|Türkçe
eylem|eylem|Türkçe
hizbullah||
daeş||
milyonu||
hatırlatarak||
tur|tur|Fransızca
okundu||
bölgesinden||
götürmek|götü|Türkçe
ocak|ocak|Eski Türkçe
akçay||
sami||
durmuş||
binaları|bina|Arapça
paylaşım|paylaşım|Türkçe
edileceğini||
ettiği||
verilmedi|verilme|Türkçe
yapılmasını|yapılma|Türkçe
içi||
esnaf||
yasağının|yasa|Türkçe
araçlarından|araçların|Türkçe
muhtaç|muhtaç|Arapça
dağı|dağı|Türkçe
dolu|dolu|Eski Türkçe
belirtiliyor|beli|Farsça
geçmişte||
elindeki||
molotofkokteyli||
şefkat||
geçmiş||
ilçesindeki||
düşünerek|düşün|Türkçe
ücretin|ücret|Arapça
projenin|proje|Fransızca
bölümü|bölüm|Türkçe
hedefe|hedef|Arapça
istanbul||
telefonla|telef|Arapça
kimya|kimya|Arapça
yoğun|yoğun|Türkçe
dağa||
kadir|kadir|Arapça
alacağız||
peygamber|peygamber|Farsça
ülkedeki||
eda|eda|Arapça
getiriliyor|getiri|Türkçe
sorunları|sorun|Türkçe
trafik|trafik|Fransızca
yollarla|yollar|Türkçe
skorer|skor|İngilizce
yaparken||
vali||
istediği||
çocuklardan|çocuklardan|Türkçe
şenses||
canlı||
eğitimine||
adımı||
vladimir||
dev|dev|Farsça
liman||
medya|medya|İngilizce
anayasanın|anayasa|Türkçe
özgürlük|özgürlük|Türkçe
gündemdeki|günde|Türkçe
araçların|araçların|Türkçe
başlayacağını||
terörden|terörden|Türkçe
toplantısının|toplantı|Türkçe
aşırı|aşır|Arapça
vadeli|vade|Arapça
golle||
karayolunun|kara|Eski Türkçe
şanlıurfa||
olma|olma|Türkçe
çalışmalarının||
john||
yolcular||
ndan||
bildirdi||
koç||
yetim|yetim|Arapça
öldüğünü||
sanıkların||
mağdur||
dolaylı||
katkıda||
gerekirse||
ayından|ayın|Arapça
iki|iki|Türkçe
gönderdiği|gönder|Yunanca
artıracak|artı|Türkçe
kuruluşlarında|kuruluşların|Türkçe
üstesinden||
açıklamalarının|açıklama|Türkçe
fua||
koçak||
katılımcıların||
gelmesinin||
yönetimin||
budur||
sosyal|sosyal|Fransızca
kullanıldığı||
geçirdiği||
kaybederken||
mavi|mavi|Farsça
genelde||
araçla|araç|Türkçe
gidip||
etmişti||
larda||
nden||
televizyon||
olmuş||
yetkilisi|yetkili|Türkçe
ortaya|ortay|Türkçe
verme||
gidiş||
takımlarından|takım|Türkçe
yükseldi||
ulaşımda|ulaşım|Türkçe
sundu||
müdürlüğünde|müdür|Arapça
çıkarmak|çıkarma|Türkçe
etmeden|etme|Türkçe
kişilere|kişiler|Türkçe
mülteciler||
adımları||
aylık|aylı|Türkçe
bizden|bizden|Türkçe
ankara||
bölgelere||
şimdiye||
gönderdi|gönder|Yunanca
bölgeleri||
üniversite|üniversite|Fransızca
murat|murat|Arapça
ameliyat|ameliyat|Arapça
dikkatli|dikkatli|Türkçe
fetö||
ingiliz||
avrupa||
sürdürdüklerini||
mayıs|mayıs|Latince
kısmının||
dağıtım|dağı|Türkçe
işbirliği||
mayın|mayın|İngilizce
yapıldığını|yapı|Türkçe
bağladı||
öğrencileri|öğrenci|Türkçe
öğrencilere|öğrenci|Türkçe
bulundu||
usul|usul|Arapça
anlattı||
tırların||
gitti||
isteyen||
oluşturan|oluş|Türkçe
erkekler|erkekler|Türkçe
la|la|İtalyanca
li||
mensuplarının||
şirketlerin|şirketlerin|Türkçe
değinerek|değin|Türkçe
ulaşıma|ulaşım|Türkçe
masaya|masa|Yunanca
ayrılarak||
parçası|parça|Farsça
artırmak|artırma|Türkçe
bünyesinde|bünye|Arapça
geçirildiği||
önem||
öner||
lı||
ulaşımı|ulaşım|Türkçe
çalışıyor||
ayhan||
evde|evde|Türkçe
zırhlı|zırh|Farsça
saldırıları|saldırı|Türkçe
ölü|ölü|Türkçe
organ|organ|Fransızca
yapılmasına|yapılma|Türkçe
oluşturuldu|oluş|Türkçe
müftüsü|müftü|Arapça
temasları|temas|Arapça
geçtiğini||
almayan|alma|Türkçe
çatışmaların|çatışma|Türkçe
yüzyılda||
batman|batman|Türkçe
sayısına|sayısına|Türkçe
köprüsü||
şenol||
ramazan||
söylüyorum||
kaynaklandığını|kaynak|Eski Türkçe
başkanvekili||
saldırılara|saldırı|Türkçe
rektörü||
ayrıldı||
hedefi|hedef|Arapça
varil|varil|Fransızca
kaide|kaide|Arapça
yasin|yasin|Arapça
görüşmelerinde||
oranında|oran|Türkçe
bence|bence|Türkçe
kapalı||
olayda|olayda|Türkçe
görme||
koordinasyonunda|koordinasyon|Fransızca
olacağı||
bayrağı||
hakları||
toplantılar|toplantı|Türkçe
tehlikeli||
konuşmak|konuşmak|Eski Türkçe
devamı|devam|Arapça
ürünleri||
komisyonunun|komisyon|Fransızca
ürünler||
1980||
1989||
kitap||
buz|buz|Eski Türkçe
sonuçlanan|sonuç|Türkçe
açıkladığı||
koşullarının||
öğretmenlerin|öğretme|Türkçe
89||
misto||
ağlara||
karşısına||
82||
87||
semih|semih|Arapça
kutlu|kutlu|Eski Türkçe
bombalı|bomba|İtalyanca
ders|ders|Arapça
olmasına|olma|Türkçe
mı||
asist|asist|İngilizce
direniş|direniş|Türkçe
almış||
ikinci|ikinci|Türkçe
yarısı|yarı|Türkçe
lere||
müslümanlara||
kadınlardan|kadınlardan|Türkçe
başkanlığı||
gerçekleştiğini||
anımsatıldı||
etkinlikleri|etkinlik|Türkçe
çıkması|çıkma|Türkçe
vermesin||
fatma||
mensuplarıyla||
akın||
akıl|akıl|Arapça
tesis||
mu||
gelişmeler|gelişme|Türkçe
hanife||
ziyaretinde|ziya|Arapça
ilişkiler|ilişkiler|Türkçe
duyulduğunu||
maçlarda|maçlar|Türkçe
siyasetçi|siyasetçi|Türkçe
korunması|korunma|Türkçe
belgesi|belge|Türkçe
sivillerin|sivil|Fransızca
galibiyetle|galibiyet|Arapça
ortalaması|ortalama|Türkçe
yaşanmaması|yaşanma|Türkçe
ortadoğu||
değinen|değin|Türkçe
gol||
asılsız||
savunma|savunma|Türkçe
belirlenmesi|beli|Farsça
başkentte||
birkaç||
asliye|asliye|Arapça
müdahalenin|müdahale|Arapça
sürdüğünü||
okudu||
nakil|nakil|Arapça
miktar|miktar|Arapça
suçlar||
kendilerinin||
maçının||
öldürdü||
hasreti|hasret|Arapça
verdikleri|verdi|Türkçe
adliye|adliye|Arapça
gerekçelerle||
mensupları||
nuh||
yılına||
araya||
askeri|asker|Arapça
militanın||
teşekkür|teşekkür|Arapça
öldü||
yaşıyor||
gencin||
çekildi|çeki|Türkçe
konuyu|konu|Türkçe
olur||
olup||
yusuf||
işleri|işler|Türkçe
olağanüstü|olağan|Türkçe
kuzeyinde|kuzey|Türkçe
örnek|örnek|Türkçe
yılını||
kahramanmaraş||
büyükelçilik|büyük|Eski Türkçe
öğretmeni|öğretme|Türkçe
güven|güven|Türkçe
edilmişti||
yatay|yatay|Türkçe
nı||
başer||
lojistik||
olamaz|olamaz|Türkçe
yerlerinde|yerler|Türkçe
kontrolünden|kontrol|Fransızca
aktararak|aktar| Arapça
ni||
na||
nu||
hedef|hedef|Arapça
talebini||
kalkıp||
krizi||
krize||
öldürüldü||
faaliyet|faal|Arapça
demek||
düzenlemeyi|düzenleme|Türkçe
verildi|veri|Türkçe
kiralama|kiralama|Türkçe
ülkelerin||
bırakılmasına|bırakılma|Türkçe
işleme||
sordu||
önceki||
hayatının|hayat|Arapça
den||
yerli||
yerle||
yapılanması|yapı|Türkçe
söylüyoruz||
kerry||
çekici|çekici|Türkçe
arkadaşımız|arkadaşı|Türkçe
aldık||
çalışanlar||
ölümlerin|ölüm|Eski Türkçe
yıllık|yıllık|Türkçe
yediğini|yedi|Türkçe
hareketi|hareket|Arapça
imalat|imalat|Arapça
harekete|hareket|Arapça
sözleri|sözleri|Türkçe
görsel|görsel|Türkçe
sıfırın||
eser|eser|Arapça
fatihpaşa|fatih|Arapça
küresel|küresel|Türkçe
esed||
soruşturmayı|soruşturma|Türkçe
kaldırılan||
uncu||
anı|anı|Türkçe
fiyatlarına|fiyat|Arapça
yönündeki||
yazdı||
alakası|alaka|Arapça
fırat||
belediyesi|belediye|Arapça
diplomatik|diplomatik|Fransızca
amaçlayan||
tutarın|tutar|Türkçe
fiyatlarını|fiyat|Arapça
sebze|sebze|Farsça
öğrencinin|öğrenci|Türkçe
tarafının|taraf|Arapça
namazın|namaz|Farsça
projesi|proje|Fransızca
afgan||
ekonominin|ekonomi|Fransızca
ırkçı||
yasama|yasama|Türkçe
milletimizin|millet|Arapça
savunmak|savunmak|Türkçe
uygulamaların||
yerden||
önlemleri|önlem|Türkçe
beklediğini||
kırmızıoğlu|kırmızı|Arapça
bölgesel||
sayılı|sayılı|Türkçe
endeksinin|endeks|Fransızca
model|model|Fransızca
verdiğimiz|verdi|Türkçe
avukat|avukat|İtalyanca
sınırda||
seyhan||
şekil|şekil|Arapça
tamamlaması|tamamlama|Türkçe
etmek|etmek|Türkçe
gündemini|günde|Türkçe
on||
oranıyla|oran|Türkçe
karar|karar|Arapça
oy|oy|Türkçe
vermeyi||
vermeye||
tuttu||
750||
ilaç|ilaç|Arapça
elimizde|elim|Arapça
mahallelerinde|mahalle|Arapça
halinde||
yapıya|yapı|Türkçe
dünyasının|dünya|Arapça
kulübün||
oluşabilecek|oluş|Türkçe
fetih||
ilan|ilan|Arapça
kuralları||
devleti|devlet|Arapça
devlete|devlet|Arapça
toplam||
roketatar||
değilankara||
çekildiği|çeki|Türkçe
eğilimi|eğilim|Türkçe
program|program|Fransızca
düşüş||
güne||
sahipliği|sahip|Arapça
temsilcileriyle||
vize|vize|Fransızca
yaşandığını|yaşa|Türkçe
tek|tek|Eski Türkçe
tel||
tem|tem|Fransızca
seçti||
günü||
inceleme|ince|Eski Türkçe
uygulaması||
tutumu||
sağolsun||
ihlali|ihlal|Arapça
ortasına||
tüfeği||
demokrasinin|demokrasi|Fransızca
biliyorsunuz||
aykırı||
başlaması|başlama|Türkçe
akyıl||
ölen||
anıtı||
atalay||
ürettiği||
mahallesi|mahalle|Arapça
vermedi||
mensubu||
islam||
barışın|barışın|Türkçe
sıcaklığı|sıcak|Eski Türkçe
konuyla|konu|Türkçe
brüt||
anlamında|anlam|Türkçe
ikna|ikna|Arapça
ülkelerinin||
atilla||
ilçede||
manevi|manevi|Arapça 
ilde||
yaptılar||
kaldı||
evine|evin|Türkçe
denetim|denetim|Türkçe
militanların||
onay|onay|Türkçe
şüphelilerden|şüphe|Arapça
halkını|halk|Arapça
girdiği||
oluşturuyor|oluş|Türkçe
şehrin|şehrin|Türkçe
sağlayacak||
sağlayacağı||
rekor|rekor|Fransızca
dakikasında|dakika|Arapça
zengin|zengin|Farsça
ediyordu||
finans|finans|Fransızca
sanat|sanat|Arapça
kimin||
kırmızı|kırmızı|Arapça
suçlarla||
heyecan||
hücum|hücum|Arapça
uzakta|uzak|Eski Türkçe
şampiyon|şampiyon|Fransızca
bulvarı||
rakamları||
yıldan||
sağlanması||
değişim|değişim|Türkçe
aileler|aile|Arapça
değişik|değişik|Türkçe
okulu|okul|Türkçe
amaçladıklarını||
rakamlara||
kadına|kadına|Türkçe
beraberinde|beraber|Farsça
özgürlüğü|özgür|Türkçe
anlaşmanın||
halkı|halk|Arapça
gemi|gemi|Eski Türkçe
sabiha|sabi|Arapça
yenerek||
yaşadığını|yaşa|Türkçe
balıkesir|balık|Eski Türkçe
güçler||
adamlarının|adamların|Türkçe
yerlerine|yerler|Türkçe
yerlerini|yerler|Türkçe
bilerek||
ekipleri|ekip|Fransızca
özelliği|özel|Türkçe
makineleri|maki|İtalyanca
çekiyor|çeki|Türkçe
sonuçlar|sonuç|Türkçe
yayladağı|yayla|Türkçe
maktu|maktu|Arapça
kuruluna|kurulu|Türkçe
düşük||
kesimin|kesi|Türkçe
kişilik|kişilik|Türkçe
getirildi|getiri|Türkçe
alışveriş||
mescit||
mescid||
ufuk||
alanı||
olaydan|olayda|Türkçe
beyaz|beyaz|Arapça
kriz||
meselenin|mesele|Arapça
üçüncü|üçüncü|Türkçe
yaptı||
eksi|eksi|Türkçe
yenilgi||
tedbir|tedbir|Arapça
yaralılar|yaralı|Türkçe
gözaltına||
kaydetti||
fed||
soru|soru|Türkçe
kuzey|kuzey|Türkçe
şartlar|şart|Arapça
devrim|devri|Arapça
uygulandığı||
ayda||
sporcu|spor|Fransızca
belirli|belirli|Türkçe
karşılamak||
taraflı|taraf|Arapça
mekke||
haberini|haber|Arapça
haberine|haber|Arapça
oyunculardan|oyuncu|Türkçe
köyüne||
yücebaş|yüce|Türkçe
yılbaşını||
hesabını||
görüntülerde|görüntü|Türkçe
öz||
soğuk|soğuk|Eski Türkçe
akhisar||
merkezlerinde|merkezler|Türkçe
ihracatın||
emine|emin|Arapça
olmaları|olma|Türkçe
edilmesini||
edilmesine||
kayseri|kayser|Arapça
olmayacak|olmayacak|Türkçe
geçerli|geçe|Türkçe
bitlis||
aldıklarını||
endeks|endeks|Fransızca
ekipler|ekip|Fransızca
görüşlerine|görüşler|Türkçe
sahteciliği||
etem||
yerde||
haberdar|haberdar|Arapça
yaşadığımız|yaşa|Türkçe
barikatların|barikat|Fransızca
uefa||
istiyor||
kurmak|kurma|Türkçe
abdülaziz||
akdoğan|akdoğan|Türkçe
gösterisi||
tablo|tabl|Arapça
çalışmaların||
2001||
sezonunda|sezon|Fransızca
duyan||
duyar||
kandil|kandil|Latince
haklarında||
bildirerek||
üçer|üçer|Türkçe
çapında||
üyeleriyle||
idris||
performansıyla|performans|Fransızca
yenen||
yaklaşım||
sanıklardan||
bekir||
tüketici|tüketici|Türkçe
gençlerbirliği||
tıbbi||
gördüklerini||
gaziosmanpaşa|gazi|Arapça
eşim||
birbirlerine||
duruşmaya|duruşma|Arapça
arkadaşları|arkadaşları|Türkçe
soruları|soru|Türkçe
sivilin|sivil|Fransızca
şeyi|şeyi|Türkçe
şeyh|şeyh|Arapça
tamamlanan|tamam|Arapça
teşkilatı|teşkilat|Arapça
sayesinde|saye|Farsça
şartlarında|şart|Arapça
alışverişinde||
kontrolünü|kontrol|Fransızca
ziraat|ziraat|Arapça
kapısı|kapı|Türkçe
idari|idari|Arapça
ihbarı||
etmemiz|etme|Türkçe
fikret||
fiyatının|fiyat|Arapça
çıkarıldı||
organizasyonda|organizasyon|Fransızca
askerin|asker|Arapça
kesimlerde|kesi|Türkçe
nedenle||
politika|politika|İtalyanca
projeler|proje|Fransızca
ilim|ilim|Arapça
tarihinden|tarih|Arapça
kurduğu||
alınmasını|alınma|Türkçe
ateş|ateş|Farsça
paylaşan||
orman|orman|Eski Türkçe
ortamda|ortam|Türkçe
tunceli||
kesiminde|kesi|Türkçe
değilim||
bunları||
trafiğine||
bulduğu||
yüksel||
başladıklarını||
iklim|iklim|Arapça
zanlıların||
giresun||
bakırköy|bakır|Türkçe
bunlara||
başta||
edilmesi||
hizmetler|hizmet|Arapça
göstermeye||
yürütülen||
cami|cami|Arapça
erdal||
yaşama|yaşama|Türkçe
kaldığını||
anında||
tamamı|tamam|Arapça
portekizli||
bakımdan|bakımdan|Türkçe
ercan||
patlama|patlama|Türkçe
ayrıldığını||
tekirdağ|tekir|Yunanca
gözler||
sokaklarda|sokak|Arapça
camisi|cami|Arapça
sıklıkla|sıklık|Türkçe
kktc||
yitirdiğini||
yaşamı|yaşa|Türkçe
şampiyonluk|şampiyonluk|Türkçe
ayetullah|ayet|Arapça
taşıdı||
çıkar||
çıkan|çıkan|Türkçe
çalışmanın||
harekat|hare|Farsça
ifadesine|ifade|Arapça
bayram|bayram|Eski Türkçe
ettiler||
kutladı||
ünün||
yaptığına||
olayı|olayı|Türkçe
perşembe|perşembe|Farsça
operasyonunda|operasyon|Fransızca
köy|köy|Farsça
ihtiyaçları|ihtiyaçlar|Türkçe
örgütü|örgüt|Türkçe
iyileşme|iyileşme|Türkçe
gelişen|geliş|Türkçe
istendi|isten|Türkçe
örgüte|örgüt|Türkçe
göndererek|gönder|Yunanca
sol|sol|Moğolca
öngörülüyor|öngörü|Türkçe
dursun||
yaptığını||
150||
155||
sesli||
açıklandı||
dileğinde|dile|Türkçe
ramadi||
teklifi|tekli|Türkçe
reyhanlı|reyhan|Arapça
tarafına|taraf|Arapça
kendimizi||
90||
adnan||
tarafından|taraf|Arapça
çalışanların||
97||
alındığı|alındı|Türkçe
yapacağını||
sı||
çocuklarının|çocukların|Türkçe
turgut||
karşılaşmada||
gazetecilerin|gazete|Fransızca
hakimliği|haki|Farsça
yüce|yüce|Türkçe
birinin||
kurulu|kurulu|Türkçe
si||
sorunun|sorun|Türkçe
uygulama||
yolcu||
diyoruz||
insanlık|insanlık|Türkçe
kral|kral|Sırpça
adlandırılan|adla|Türkçe
getirilecek|getiri|Türkçe
yaptırımları||
terörü|terörü|Türkçe
örgütünün|örgüt|Türkçe
alman|alma|Türkçe
almak|alma|Türkçe
incelemeye|ince|Eski Türkçe
gezi||
toplayarak||
yüzlerce|yüzlerce|Türkçe
hukuk|hukuk|Arapça
kırarak||
düzey|düzey|Türkçe
güneyindeki||
bilmediğini||
kazanmak|kazanmak|Türkçe
edeceğiz||
yapımında|yapı|Türkçe
isabet||
topraklarında|toprakların|Türkçe
fazlası|fazla|Arapça
koordinasyon|koordinasyon|Fransızca
saatleri|saat|Arapça
bakanlığından||
öğretim|öğretim|Türkçe
belirtiyor|beli|Farsça
makamında|makam|Arapça
lerin||
koşullarda||
savcısı|savcı|Eski Türkçe
etme|etme|Türkçe
vurulduğu||
tutuklanmıştı||
kürtçe||
yarından|yarı|Türkçe
ömer||
huzurlu|huzur|Arapça
hız|hız|Türkçe
yerlerinin|yerler|Türkçe
hizmetlerini|hizmet|Arapça
haluk||
karşılanması||
bankaların|banka|İtalyanca
açıklamıştı||
filelere|file|Fransızca
almasını|alma|Türkçe
alınacağı|alın|Türkçe
kirliliği|kirli|Türkçe
makam|makam|Arapça
partinin|parti|Fransızca
incelemesi|ince|Eski Türkçe
olduğu||
yapan||
çıktığı|çıktı|Türkçe
raporuna||
hendeklerin|hendek|Arapça
kıdemli|kıdemli|Türkçe
raporunu||
açılışta|açılış|Türkçe
bahçesinde|bahçesi|Türkçe
kirli|kirli|Türkçe
cumhurbaşkanı|cumhur|Arapça
cesedi||
masa|masa|Yunanca
adam|adam|Arapça
tr||
tl||
rize||
te||
kırsalında||
değer|değer|Türkçe
bosna||
oluşturulması|oluşturulma|Türkçe
göç|göç|Eski Türkçe
kıldı||
oldum||
olduk||
vural||
vuran||
rejimle|reji|Fransızca
maddelerin|madde|Arapça
namazının|namaz|Farsça
büyüme|büyüme|Türkçe
ihracat||
uğruna||
direksiyon|direksiyon|Fransızca
kaynaklarından|kaynaklar|Türkçe
nedeni||
bahçeli|bahçeli|Türkçe
özlem||
ikisi||
otomobilin|otomobilin|Türkçe
yitirdiği||
öğrencilerinin|öğrenci|Türkçe
yayımlanan||
rejimin|reji|Fransızca
asgari||
noktalarından||
karadeniz|kara|Eski Türkçe
ekonomisi|ekonomi|Fransızca
yakaladı||
kendisinin||
sonrasında||
yetkililerinin|yetkililer|Türkçe
öngörülen|öngörü|Türkçe
temin|temin|Arapça
siyaseti|siyaseti|Türkçe
bulunan||
derneğinin||
ingiltere||
yıl|yıl|Eski Türkçe
çevrede|çevre|Türkçe
hastanelere|hastane|Farsça
açıklarında||
çalışmaya||
hamit|hami|Arapça
güçlerince||
paket||
gole||
göçmen|göçmen|Türkçe
kuruluşların|kuruluşların|Türkçe
ziyaretine|ziya|Arapça
ziyaretini|ziya|Arapça
yansıtmadığını|yansıtma|Türkçe
kapatıldı||
kaybettiğini||
hususunda|husus|Arapça
golü||
duyulan||
günde|günde|Türkçe
başladığını||
avroluk||
gösterileri||
duran||
dönemde|dönem|Türkçe
olumlu|olumlu|Türkçe
beklentilerini||
euro||
normale||
barikatlar|barikat|Fransızca
ücret|ücret|Arapça
eşliğinde|eşli|Türkçe
edilemez||
koşulları||
müdahaleye|müdahale|Arapça
kayserispor|kayser|Arapça
dışı||
söz|söz|Türkçe
zorunda||
normalleşmesi|normalleşme|Türkçe
gelerek|gele|Türkçe
yağmur||
vekili||
kutlandı||
alınmasının|alınma|Türkçe
ikamet|ikamet|Arapça
teröristin|terörist|Fransızca
piyade||
bulunduğumuz||
un||
bunların||
şüphelilerin|şüphe|Arapça
yanında|yanı|Türkçe
doğusundaki||
izledi||
yapacağımız||
sokakta|sokak|Arapça
evi|evi|Türkçe
trt||
karın|karın|Eski Türkçe
üzerindeki|üzeri|Türkçe
doğa|doğa|Türkçe
doğu||
geldi||
seçimleri||
sonuçlandı|sonuç|Türkçe
kapatılması|kapatılma|Türkçe
devletine|devlet|Arapça
başlayacak||
hacmi||
sıkı||
enerji|enerji|Fransızca
planlarını|plan|Fransızca
özerklik|özerklik|Türkçe
maçı||
koymuştur||
yaralandığını||
2019||
2018||
2015||
2014||
2017||
2016||
2011||
2010||
2013||
2012||
bağcılar||
bayraklarıyla|bayrak|Eski Türkçe
ahıska||
trabzonspor||
bölge||
işsizlik|işsizlik|Türkçe
içtüzüğü||
karşılanacak||
güvenlik|güvenlik|Türkçe
üreticileri||
geçişi|geçiş|Türkçe
gazetesinde|gazete|Fransızca
getirildiankara|getiri|Türkçe
enes||
bütünlüğünü||
kontrollü|kontrol|Fransızca
milletvekilleri|millet|Arapça
geyik||
görüş||
bilal||
le|le|Türkçe
yükü||
birimi||
nedenlerle||
binaların|bina|Arapça
malzeme|malzeme|Arapça
naaşı|naaş|Arapça
ılımlı|ılım|Türkçe
350||
edenlerin||
altında||
bulunmuş||
abdulaziz||
ihtiyacı||
tcmb||
faaliyetlerine|faal|Arapça
etkiliyor|etkili|Türkçe
antrenörü|antrenör|Fransızca
çalışmak||
konuda|konu|Türkçe
yağışların|yağı|Türkçe
kudüs||
edecektir||
gerçekleştireceği||
mağlup||
ini||
ine||
şikayetçi||
haberler|haber|Arapça
bölgedeki||
sorumluluk|soru|Türkçe
bunlarla||
yardımcı|yardımcı|Türkçe
evinde|evin|Türkçe
reddetti||
müezzinoğlu||
ülkelere||
verdik|verdi|Türkçe
verdim|verdi|Türkçe
ülkeleri||
kamuoyunda|kamu|Eski Türkçe
törenine|tören|Türkçe
satın||
karşılaşmanın||
belirtilerek|beli|Farsça
getirildiği|getiri|Türkçe
iptal||
getirdiğini||
yollarını|yolları|Türkçe
adil||
hasta||
hayatında|hayat|Arapça
yaşamlarını|yaşa|Türkçe
uşak||
bana||
yükseliş||
cezayı|ceza|Arapça
kalkması||
meydan|meydan|Farsça
yerin||
basınına|basını|Türkçe
düzenini|düzen|Türkçe
esasen|esas|Arapça
benim||
galatasaray||
ismet|ismet|Arapça
müzakereler|müzakereler|Türkçe
alper||
şekilde|şekil|Arapça
endeksi|endeks|Fransızca
istişare|istişare|Arapça
bitmesini|bitme|Türkçe
üncü||
başladı||
ispanyol||
varlığını||
fetullah||
olmaktan|olma|Türkçe
ileriye|ileri|Türkçe
namlulu|namlu|Yunanca
bulundukları||
bülent||
nokta||
cezaevine|ceza|Arapça
sinin|sini|Farsça
vakti||
gidiyorlar||
kullanarak||
bakın||
yetkililerle|yetkililer|Türkçe
olmayacağını|olma|Türkçe
tabanca|tabanca|Türkçe
kardeş|kardeş|Eski Türkçe
hitap|hitap|Arapça
borsa|borsa|İtalyanca
kale|kale|Arapça
otobüsü|otobüs|Fransızca
anlamına|anlam|Türkçe
kalp|kalp|Arapça
işlenen||
hadiseleri|hadise|Türkçe
muzaffer||
durması|durma|Türkçe
çocuğum|çocuğu|Türkçe
çocuğun|çocuğun|Türkçe
ettiistanbul||
emin|emin|Arapça
bankacılık|bankacı|Türkçe
haklı||
kınadı|kına|Arapça
raporu||
gazetecinin|gazete|Fransızca
zorunlu||
yangında||
çalışmalarına||
ekipte|ekip|Fransızca
enflasyonun|enflasyon| Fransızca
rizespor||
büşra|büşra|Arapça
üreten||
dünyasında|dünya|Arapça
yardımlar||
liderler|lider|İngilizce
hamza||
içişleri||
öldürüldüğünü||
götürdüğü|götü|Türkçe
çalıştığını||
çalışmalarını||
can|can|Farsça
bitiren||
başvuran||
alıyor||
avukatları|avukat|İtalyanca
başlamasına|başlama|Türkçe
suriyeliler||
teröristlerden|terörist|Fransızca
forma|forma|İtalyanca
üyelik||
isimler|isimler|Türkçe
1950||
yaklaşık||
şeyin|şeyin|Türkçe
savaşa|savaş|Türkçe
kere||
yakını|yakın|Eski Türkçe
yatırım|yatır|Türkçe
şubat|şubat|Arapça
dedim||
müsabakada|müsabaka|Arapça
görevinden|görevi|Türkçe
herkese|herkes|Farsça
savaşı|savaş|Türkçe
çalışmalarımız||
mezhep|mezhep|Arapça
birleşmiş||
mesut|mesut|Arapça
etsin||
telefonu|telef|Arapça
sürdüreceğiz||
geçiren||
yönetim||
değiştirmeye|değiş|Türkçe
istenilen|isten|Türkçe
herkesi|herkes|Farsça
camide|cami|Arapça
edirne||
tüfenkci||
alındı|alındı|Türkçe
geçirilen||
yi||
kurbani|kurban|Arapça
oluşturduğu|oluş|Türkçe
sahte||
ekonomist|ekonomist| Fransızca
batısında||
gelinen|gelin|Türkçe
yitirirken||
tobb||
suriyelilere||
geldikleri||
direktör|direktör|Fransızca
hacı|hacı|Türkçe
baran|baran|Farsça
72||
yöntemi||
bilim|bilim|Türkçe
musul||
başlayan||
engellemek|engelleme|Türkçe
kurukız|kuru|Türkçe
uygulanacak||
ödülünü|ödül|Türkçe
oluşturulan|oluş|Türkçe
araba|araba|Arapça
günleri||
tarafsız|taraf|Arapça
hayvancılık|hayvancılık|Türkçe
başkanlığından||
ismi|ismi|Türkçe
olduğumuz||
sanığın||
arttı||
nani||
sivasspor||
irak||
iran||
ibadi||
tamamlanmasının|tamamlanma|Türkçe
şeyden|şeyden|Türkçe
havaya|hava|Arapça
konunun|konu|Türkçe
cumhuriyet|cumhuriyet|Arapça
tartışma|tartışma|Eski Türkçe
mahkemesine|mahkemesi|Türkçe
dağları||
yemen||
yemek||
etmiyorum||
vatandaşlarımız|vatandaş|Türkçe
ziyaret|ziya|Arapça
sözcüsü|sözcü|Türkçe
konumuna|konum|Türkçe
banka|banka|İtalyanca
yaptırım||
basında|basın|Türkçe
ye||
yu||
tercih||
yatırımları|yatır|Türkçe
halep||
açarak||
dolara|dolar|Flamanca
cemil|cemil|Arapça
ortalama|ortalama|Türkçe
yü||
aziz|aziz|Arapça
farkı|fark|Arapça
ifadelere|ifade|Arapça
ifadeleri|ifade|Arapça
muhalefeti|muhalefet|Arapça
rektör||
kullanıyor||
emekliye||
yı||
girişi|giriş|Türkçe
halkların|halk|Arapça
yatırımlara|yatır|Türkçe
kaç||
bilgisine|bilgi|Türkçe
bilgisini|bilgi|Türkçe
nca||
oyuna||
nce||
sınıra||
galip||
rekorunu|rekor|Fransızca
enflasyon|enflasyon| Fransızca
demokratik|demokratik|Fransızca
verildiği|veri|Türkçe
kan|kan|Eski Türkçe
kar|kar|Eski Türkçe
kat||
oyunu||
nci||
çoğunun|çoğun|Türkçe
ülkelerde||
merve||
mermisi|mermi|Arapça
toplantısı|toplantı|Türkçe
ofisi||
bankanın|banka|İtalyanca
rejim|reji|Fransızca
intihar|intiha|Arapça
kaydederek||
müdahalesiyle|müdahale|Arapça
kudret||
ettiankara||
tedavi|tedavi|Arapça
katılımcı||
adımlar||
akşam|akşam|Türkçe
tesislerinde||
gerekçe||
beraberindeki|beraber|Farsça
kadrosu||
bölünmez|bölünmez|Türkçe
arasındaki|arası|Türkçe
örgüt|örgüt|Türkçe
önlemi|önlem|Türkçe
tarihlerinde|tarihle|Türkçe
şube|şube|Arapça
yaşlılar|yaşlı|Türkçe
döneme|dönem|Türkçe
dönemi|dönem|Türkçe
zafer|zafer|Arapça
ayrılmasının||
hastanede|hastane|Farsça
etki|etki|Türkçe
bulunurken||
olaylarına|olayların|Türkçe
durumuyla|durum|Eski Türkçe
şefliği||
yapacaklarını||
hasar||
hasan||
altından||
takımının|takım|Türkçe
hristiyan||
programında|programın|Türkçe
sinan||
yöneticisi||
biliyor||
dakika|dakika|Arapça
dolardan|dolar|Flamanca
tepesi|tepesi|Türkçe
bağlandı||
ilçesinden||
askıya|askı|Türkçe
alınmıştı|alın|Türkçe
ndaki||
zemini|zemin|Farsça
israillilere||
verilerin|verile|Türkçe
hukuki|hukuki|Arapça
hukuka|hukuk|Arapça
hukuku|hukuk|Arapça
karara|karar|Arapça
suriyeli||
mücadelesinde||
yaşadıkları|yaşa|Türkçe
personel|personel|Fransızca
aşan||
potuk||
getirilerek|getiri|Türkçe
ülkelerindeki||
anma|anma|Türkçe
mesafeler|mesafe|Arapça
kararı|karar|Arapça
antrenmanda|antrenman|Fransızca
bildirilmesi|bildiri|Türkçe
toprağa|toprağa|Türkçe
sonrası||
etrafında|etraf|Arapça
kapanan||
düzenlenecek|düzen|Türkçe
terör|terör|Fransızca
araştırmaya||
ettim||
ettik||
ettikleri||
700||
1982||
yaşananlar|yaşa|Türkçe
batılı||
suyu||
coşkun|coşkun|Türkçe
sıvı||
dahil|dahil|Arapça
biliyoruz||
dediler||
yaş|yaş|Türkçe
düşüncelerini|düşüncel|Türkçe
çalışmalara||
tehlikeye||
görüşleri|görüşler|Türkçe
asıl||
türkmenler||
üretiminin|üretim|Türkçe
burhan|burhan|Arapça
kalan|kala|Türkçe
yaz|yaz|Eski Türkçe
sarf|sarf|Arapça
yan|yan|Eski Türkçe
fotoğrafı|fotoğraf|Fransızca
operasyonla|operasyon|Fransızca
kararnamelerde|kararname|Arapça
miyiz||
çalışmaları||
dolayı|dolayı|Türkçe
sürdüğü||
gizli|gizli|Türkçe
saldırısında|saldırı|Türkçe
silahlar|silah|Arapça
ayşe||
dicle||
olduğunun||
futbolcu|futbol|İngilizce
sektöründe|sektör|Fransızca
konuştu|konuş|Türkçe
sevinci||
yüzbaşıoğlu|yüzbaşı|Türkçe
görüldü||
uyarısında||
herhangi||
tarafı|taraf|Arapça
washington||
tahsis|tahsis|Arapça
kurban|kurban|Arapça
heyeti|heyet|Arapça
taksim|taksim|Arapça
hastanesi|hastane|Farsça
mensuplarına||
salı|salı|Arapça
götürdü|götü|Türkçe
toplayan||
gerekse||
olunması||
108||
102||
100||
101||
104||
105||
aydin||
sayısında|sayısı|Türkçe
başkanlığında||
aynısını||
gelişmiş|geliş|Türkçe
akit|akit|Arapça
genelkurmay||
sergileyen||
akif||
türkçe||
kontrollerine|kontrol|Fransızca
büyükelçi|büyük|Eski Türkçe
biliniyor||
aralıklarla|aralık|Türkçe
gelecekte|gele|Türkçe
çeken||
süreleri|süre|Türkçe
güçlü||
kiev||
talep|talep|Arapça
yüzünü||
müdürleri|müdür|Arapça
mahkemesinde|mahkemesi|Türkçe
polisinin||
diliyorum|dili|Türkçe
diliyoruz|dili|Türkçe
olmazsa|olma|Türkçe
görüştüğünü||
doç||
sorularını|soru|Türkçe
modern|modern|Fransızca
bebek||
işadamları||
başlayacağı||
uygulanan||
edilebilir||
bulunması|bulunma|Türkçe
karanlık|kara|Eski Türkçe
operasyonların|operasyon|Fransızca
çatışmada|çatışma|Türkçe
yapıyorum|yapı|Türkçe
cemal|cemal|Arapça
santimetre|santimetre|Fransızca
02||
00||
01||
06||
07||
04||
05||
09||
açtığı||
kararını|karar|Arapça
sağlayarak||
unu||
şiddet||
elektrik|elektrik|Fransızca
ayak|ayak|Eski Türkçe
olanlar||
meltem|meltem|Türkçe
huzur|huzur|Arapça
kararına|karar|Arapça
belli|belli|Eski Türkçe
militanının||
yapılar|yapı|Türkçe
yerleşen||
artık|artı|Türkçe
başkanı||
yarının|yarı|Türkçe
belirtilirken|beli|Farsça
yataklık|yataklı|Türkçe
kapıdan|kapı|Türkçe
hükümeti|hüküm|Arapça
artış|artış|Türkçe
propaganda|propaganda|İtalyanca
yetkililerden|yetkililer|Türkçe
atanur||
bakanları||
evinin|evin|Türkçe
kaldık||
kayıplarının|kayıp|Arapça
izzet||
desteğiyle||
telefon|telef|Arapça
aldığı||
durumda|durum|Eski Türkçe
işgali||
forması|forma|İtalyanca
gazeteciler|gazete|Fransızca
dönem|dönem|Türkçe
sorununu|sorun|Türkçe
beldesinde|belde|Arapça
belirtilen|beli|Farsça
arkasından||
planlar|plan|Fransızca
derik|deri|Eski Türkçe
derin|derin|Eski Türkçe 
kayak|kayak|Eski Türkçe
vergi||
ağırlıklı|ağırlıklı|Türkçe
ayn|ayn|Arapça
inanç||
maç|maç|İngilizce
fiyatı|fiyat|Arapça
şehircilik|şehircilik|Türkçe
etkinlik|etkinlik|Türkçe
duruşmada|duruşma|Arapça
bireysel|bireysel|Türkçe
ilçe||
kaybolan||
mal|mal|Arapça
oynadığı||
işleminin||
giydiği||
edileceği||
lirası|lira|İtalyanca
mümkün|mümkün|Arapça
yıllar||
demektir||
zehra||
önünde||
balıkçı|balıkçı|Türkçe
vurdu||
toprakları|toprakları|Türkçe
olaylarda|olaylarda|Türkçe
haftalarda|hafta|Farsça
11||
10||
13||
12||
15||
14||
17||
16||
18||
ilçelerindeki||
ekmek|ekmek|Eski Türkçe
geldik||
doğusunda||
ileri|ileri|Türkçe
ambulanslarla|ambulans|Fransızca
kırşehir||
etapta||
tamamlandı|tamam|Arapça
sağlanıyor||
takımlar|takım|Türkçe
sürerek|süre|Türkçe
içeride||
bulunuldu||
atıyor||
buraya||
afyonkarahisar|afyon|Arapça
çakmak||
gelmesini||
hakemler||
kürtler||
süreçte|süre|Türkçe
ların||
ordusunun|ordu|Eski Türkçe
istikrar|istikrar|Arapça
süreyle|süre|Türkçe
mesele|mesele|Arapça
haberlere|haber|Arapça
haberleri|haber|Arapça
fırtına|fırtına|İtalyanca
edinilen||
öncülüğündeki|öncü|Türkçe
siyasi|siya|Yunanca
kaynakları|kaynaklar|Türkçe
yargı|yargı|Türkçe
çıkarılan||
kararının|karar|Arapça
otoyolu||
seval||
kapatılan||
kentindeki|kent|Soğdca
korgeneral|korgeneral|Türkçe
personeli|personel|Fransızca
849||
olmaya|olma|Türkçe
merkezinde|merkezi|Türkçe
gomez||
operasyonda|operasyon|Fransızca
ederken||
yazarı|yazar|Türkçe
arkadaşlarımız|arkadaşları|Türkçe
ilçesi||
yağışıyla|yağı|Türkçe
şener||
geçirdiğini||
olmayı|olma|Türkçe
araçlarının|araçların|Türkçe
gerekiyor||
oran|oran|Türkçe
komutanlığının|komutan|Türkçe
hakan|hakan|Eski Türkçe
görgü|görgü|Türkçe
suçlamalar||
gruba||
unvanını||
grubu||
meslek|meslek|Arapça
analistler|analist|Fransızca
sivas||
evimiz||
dönemlerde|dönem|Türkçe
günler||
önlenmesi|önlenme|Türkçe
çay|çay|Çince
yangın||
900||
kaçarak||
filistinlilerin||
cavcav||
karşıtı|karşıt|Türkçe
bebeği||
konular|konu|Türkçe
konulan|konu|Türkçe
tarihine|tarih|Arapça
noktalarda||
yayımladığı||
arzu|arzu|Farsça
dikkat||
düşmesi||
sistemi|sistem|Fransızca
24||
25||
26||
27||
20||
21||
22||
23||
28||
29||
danimarka||
yakınlarında|yakın|Eski Türkçe
derneği||
ramazanoğlu||
onları|onlar|Türkçe
ruslar||
görevli|görev|Türkçe
hebdo||
yarıyı|yarı|Türkçe
ifadesinin|ifade|Arapça
durumunun|durum|Eski Türkçe
uçağının||
onlara|onlar|Türkçe
furkan||
seyrettiğini||
189||
akan||
para|para|Farsça
park|park|Fransızca
düşürülmesinin|düşürülme|Türkçe
akay||
alkol|alkol|Arapça
bağlı||
kalınlığı|kalın|Eski Türkçe
2020||
2023||
görüşmeleri||
sebebi||
kilometrelik|kilometre|Fransızca
yolların|yolları|Türkçe
askerleriyle|asker|Arapça
futbol|futbol|İngilizce
pekin||
müdürlüğüne|müdür|Arapça
japonya||
kendisi||
hazırlıklarına|hazırlık|Türkçe
sahip|sahip|Arapça
hollandalı||
sahil|sahi|Arapça
uçak|uçak|Türkçe
bekleme||
ülke||
yürüttüklerini||
sultan|sultan|Arapça
gençler||
türkiye||
yıllarca|yıllarca|Türkçe
mevkisinde|mevki|Arapça
istemiyle|istem|Türkçe
tutuklama|tutuklama|Türkçe
kütüphane|kütüphane|Arapça
hazırlıklarını|hazırlık|Türkçe
gaz|gaz|Fransızca
edecek||
jandarma|jandarma|İtalyanca
milis||
zararı|zarar|Arapça
defalarca|defalarca|Türkçe
yanından|yanı|Türkçe
kazılan|kazıl|Türkçe
verdiğini|verdi|Türkçe
öldüğü||
demokrasi|demokrasi|Fransızca
gazeteci|gazete|Fransızca
güneyinde||
hastaneden|hastane|Farsça
puanı|puan|Fransızca
ödül|ödül|Türkçe
lara||
300||
okur|okur|Türkçe
bist||
okul|okul|Türkçe
kendini||
doğduğu||
parçaları|parça|Farsça
reşadiye||
işlemek|işlemek|Eski Türkçe
hastanesine|hastane|Farsça
avukatı|avukat|İtalyanca
emniyetteki|emniyet|Arapça
taraflara|taraf|Arapça
olsa||
bazında|bazı|Türkçe
iddialarının|iddia|Arapça
plaka|plak|Fransızca
görmeye||
yakalanması|yakalanma|Türkçe
sınırlı|sınırlı|Türkçe
sabit|sabi|Arapça
onlardan|onlar|Türkçe
serbest|serbest|Farsça
kobani||
veli|veli|Arapça
koşullarına||
luis||
vurgulayan||
38||
33||
32||
31||
30||
37||
36||
35||
34||
maçlara|maçlar|Türkçe
ekiplerine|ekip|Fransızca
huzurunda|huzur|Arapça
devletten|devlet|Arapça
başka||
çizerek||
bine||
komutanı|komutan|Türkçe
açması||
makinesi|maki|İtalyanca
sorunlarını|sorun|Türkçe
geçirdikleri||
havadan|hava|Arapça
adli|adli|Arapça
misafir|misafir|Arapça
güvenliğinin|güvenli|Türkçe
parkı|park|Fransızca
kılan||
harun||
kullanması||
oynama|oynama|Türkçe
nur|nur|Arapça
planlanıyor|plan|Fransızca
amacıyla||
karşısında||
bölgeden||
mit|mit|Fransızca
irtibat|irtibat|Arapça
gurur||
girmesi||
uygulanması|uygulanma|Türkçe
gazı||
ardahan|arda|Türkçe
ülkelerden||
dönüş|dönüş|Türkçe
şüphe|şüphe|Arapça
siber||
takas|takas|Arapça
toplumu|toplum|Türkçe
düzenlendi|düzen|Türkçe
başladık||
av|av|Türkçe
haberlerin|haber|Arapça
süreç|süre|Türkçe
onarım|onar|Türkçe
bes||
abay||
vakit|vakit|Arapça
tarafların|taraf|Arapça
beyazlı|beyazlı|Türkçe
başakşehir|başak|Eski Türkçe
yolcuların||
bölgelerde||
yakınlarındaki|yakın|Eski Türkçe
bulunduğuna||
memur||
bulunduğunu||
maruz|maruz|Arapça
çıkmasına|çıkma|Türkçe
isimleri|isimleri|Türkçe
çağrısında|çağrı|Türkçe
sezgin|sezgin|Türkçe
saldırıda|saldırı|Türkçe
konuya|konu|Türkçe
titizlikle|titizlikle|Türkçe
araçlarında|araçların|Türkçe
suça||
partili|partili|Türkçe
suçu||
getirdiklerini||
çıkmasını|çıkma|Türkçe
gösteren|gösteren|Türkçe
beklenti||
48||
49||
47||
44||
45||
42||
43||
40||
41||
ının||
açıklanan|açıklanan|Türkçe
yapılacağını|yapı|Türkçe
siirt||
erkan||
durdu||
saatlik|saatlik|Türkçe
gözden|gözde|Türkçe
memurları||
doğdu||
görünce||
yapısı|yapı|Türkçe
eyüp||
çalışıyoruz||
çalışıyorum||
ayına|ayın|Arapça
çatışmalar|çatışma|Türkçe
yılında||
tartışmaları|tartışmalar|Türkçe
çıkardı||
kutsal|kutsal|Türkçe
gürdamar||
öğrenildi||
itibar|itibar|Arapça
çalışanlara||
gelirleri|gelirler|Türkçe
üyelerine||
farkında|fark|Arapça
bulunduklarını||
düzenlediği|düzen|Türkçe
nakledildi||
açılış|açılış|Türkçe
korkmaz|korkma|Türkçe
söyleyerek||
ajansı|ajans|Fransızca
yardım||
yanı|yanı|Türkçe
ilgilendiren||
çin||
şehitlerin|şehit|Arapça
gruplara|grup|Fransızca
taraftarlara|taraftar|Arapça
gerginliği|gergin|Türkçe
sakin|sakin|Arapça
mesafe|mesafe|Arapça
gidecek||
top|top|Eski Türkçe
ton||
barajı||
göze|göze|Türkçe
ısınma|ısınma|Türkçe
görülüyor||
planladığı|plan|Fransızca
sivil|sivil|Fransızca
muharrem|muharrem|Arapça
seçilen||
yetkilileri|yetkililer|Türkçe
yetkililere|yetkililer|Türkçe
gözü||
yani|yani|Arapça
seviyeye|seviye|Arapça
sayarak|saya|Türkçe
yanına|yanı|Türkçe
uygulamaya||
sadık|sadık|Arapça
mücadele||
okullar|okul|Türkçe
sahiptir|sahip|Arapça
yararına||
vedat|veda|Arapça
mutlu|mutlu|Türkçe
kentlerde|kent|Soğdca
orta||
arayışı||
kocalar|koca|Eski Türkçe
ergün||
edilirken||
puandan|puan|Fransızca
ürdün||
yönetimiyle||
oğuzhan||
hedefleyen|hedef|Arapça
negatif|negatif|Fransızca
görüşerek|görüşe|Türkçe
açıklamaları|açıklama|Türkçe
güveni|güven|Türkçe
askerlerin|asker|Arapça
değerlendirmelerde|değerlendirme|Türkçe
takımın|takım|Türkçe
eli||
ele||
gelecek|gele|Türkçe
içerisinde|içerisi|Türkçe
danışma||
kenarında||
önündeki||
59||
58||
55||
54||
57||
56||
50||
53||
52||
roketatarlı||
brezilya|brezil|İspanyolca
yapıların|yapı|Türkçe
başlıklı|başlık|Türkçe
erdi||
bedelini|bedel|Arapça
gerekli|gerekli|Eski Türkçe
kuvvetlerinin|kuvvet|Arapça
hama||
tedavisi|tedavi|Arapça
gerçekleştirilecek||
asıllı||
adıyaman||
üyeleri||
kanaat|kanaat|Arapça
israil||
zirvede|zirve|Arapça
kişiye|kişi|Türkçe
kişiyi|kişiyi|Türkçe
mali|mali|Arapça
aldığına||
katılma|katılma|Türkçe
endişesiyle|endişe|Farsça
tartışmanın|tartışma|Eski Türkçe
önlem|önlem|Türkçe
beşinci|beşinci|Türkçe
oyuncuların|oyuncu|Türkçe
kısım|kısım|Arapça
muhaliflere|muhal|Arapça
karşıladı||
yurdun|yurdu|Türkçe
yönelik||
genelinde||
aldığını||
kontrolünün|kontrol|Fransızca
nöbetçi|nöbet|Arapça
terk|terk|Arapça
konusunun|konu|Türkçe
artması||
sürdürüyor||
bilgisayar|bilgisayar|Türkçe
sarı|sarı|Eski Türkçe
olanların||
bakacak||
marşı|marş|Fransızca
italya||
almıştı||
alan||
sert|sert|Farsça
eden||
vatandaşlarla|vatandaş|Türkçe
çıkmış||
kaldırılması||
gümüş|gümüş|Eski Türkçe
oluştuğu|oluş|Türkçe
bazıları|bazı|Türkçe
etmesi|etme|Türkçe
kontrolü|kontrol|Fransızca
konuşmasına|konuş|Türkçe
azerbaycan||
olmasının|olma|Türkçe
olayların|olayların|Türkçe
bırakan||
vatanlarından|vatan|Arapça
federal||
melda||
koruma|koruma|Türkçe
gördüm||
savaştan|savaş|Türkçe
60||
61||
verilere|verile|Türkçe
63||
kablo|kablo|Fransızca
65||
66||
67||
68||
69||
verileri|verile|Türkçe
500||
konuşmasını|konuş|Türkçe
verici|verici|Türkçe
şirketin|şirketin|Türkçe
maçın||
felluce||
şüphelinin|şüphe|Arapça
maddesine|madde|Arapça
patlamada|patlama|Türkçe
meşgul||
durdurulan||
sayısını|sayısını|Türkçe
sözlerini|sözleri|Türkçe
sözlerine|sözleri|Türkçe
aldıkları||
ettiğimiz||
karşılaşmasında||
oktay||
yayınlanan||
değişimi|değişim|Türkçe
işçilerin|işçi|Türkçe
kentte|kent|Soğdca
yapı|yapı|Türkçe
açıklamalar|açıklama|Türkçe
şirketinin|şirketin|Türkçe
fetullahçı||
dünyasından|dünya|Arapça
taziye||
sıcaklığının|sıcak|Eski Türkçe
duygu||
ali|ali|Arapça
ala|ala|Türkçe
alt||
alp||
anayasayı|anayasa|Türkçe
giderken|gider|Türkçe
saatlerde|saat|Arapça
çıkarıp||
değerler|değerler|Türkçe
caddesi||
parklar|park|Fransızca
gücünü|gücü|Türkçe
hiçbir||
şimşek||
rapor||
içindeki||
talimat|talimat|Arapça
deprem||
terörle|terörle|Türkçe
karayolu|kara|Eski Türkçe
hakkındaki||
pozitif||
eder||
hürriyet|hürriyet|Arapça
emri||
emre||
seferi|seferi|Arapça
yaralandığı||
olmaması|olmama|Türkçe
kapandı||
kullanma||
uygulamanın||
operasyonlar|operasyon|Fransızca
başarılı||
uzmanı||
sessiz||
başkenti||
franciscus||
oluşan|oluş|Türkçe
dini|dini|Türkçe
hangi||
aksoy||
yetkililerine|yetkililer|Türkçe
dönemin|dönem|Türkçe
kongresi|kongre|Fransızca
içine||
getiren||
baki|baki|Arapça
meselesi|mesele|Arapça
şüpheliden|şüphe|Arapça
77||
76||
75||
74||
73||
talebi||
70||
79||
78||
toprak|toprak|Eski Türkçe
saldırıya|saldırı|Türkçe
parça|parça|Farsça
taşkıran||
olmalı|olma|Türkçe
yaşamayı|yaşama|Türkçe
girdiğini||
dost||
latin||
ederek||
kışlık|kışlık|Türkçe
camii|cami|Arapça
dışındaki||
etkisi|etki|Türkçe
topla||
toplu|toplu|Türkçe
milletimize|millet|Arapça
saldırıyı|saldırı|Türkçe
ettirilmesi||
ekibi||
uzun|uzun|Eski Türkçe
çocuklarla|çocuklar|Türkçe
hakaret|hakaret|Arapça
bazılarının|bazı|Türkçe
koordinasyonuyla|koordinasyon|Fransızca
limanı||
ediyor||
düştüğünü||
cumhuriyetçi|cumhuriyetçi|Türkçe
filistinlinin||
gelir||
gelip||
personelle|personel|Fransızca
gelin|gelin|Türkçe
anayasa|anayasa|Türkçe
beklendiği||
yle||
yla||
alınan|alın|Türkçe
traktör||
mevlüt||
altyapı||
gayreti|gayr|Arapça
bostancı|bostancı|Türkçe
doktorların|doktor| Fransızca
görüntüler|görüntü|Türkçe
kaptanı|kaptan|İtalyanca
bulması||
futbolcuların|futbol|İngilizce
işledikleri||
ederler||
söyledi||
miras|miras|Arapça
mücadelenin||
yüzden||
başkan||
cihazı|cihaz|Arapça
kentlerinde|kent|Soğdca
okullarda|okul|Türkçe
restoran|restoran|Fransızca
valisi||
vatandaşlarımıza|vatandaş|Türkçe
adamın|adamın|Türkçe
yenikapı|yenik|Türkçe
sis|sis|Türkçe
manisa|mani|Fransızca
gerçeği||
toplanacak||
santimetreye|santimetre|Fransızca
130||
toplandı||
konuşmasında|konuş|Türkçe
gazetesi|gazete|Fransızca
içeren||
odasına||
ülkemizde||
gözyaşı|gözyaşı|Türkçe
heyet|heyet|Arapça
88||
80||
81||
86||
84||
85||
kişiyle|kişi|Türkçe
başlattı||
uyguladığı||
yapmasını|yapma|Türkçe
giden|giden|Türkçe
hapis|hapis|Arapça
isterken||
alanda||
bellidir|belli|Eski Türkçe
hazreti||
kimlik||
meseleleri|mesele|Arapça
piyasalardaki||
petrol|petrol|Fransızca
görüştüklerini||
vermek||
tarih|tarih|Arapça
beklediklerini||
aydın||
aydır||
değerlendirerek|değer|Türkçe
durdurulması||
katılımıyla||
eğlence||
iğdır||
husiler||
çözülmesini|çözülme|Türkçe
menderes|menderes|Yunanca
gerileme|gerileme|Türkçe
babasının|baba|Türkçe
vatandaşlık|vatandaş|Türkçe
inci|inci|Eski Türkçe
yöneticilerinin||
yapanlar||
tekabül|tekabül|Arapça
futbolcular|futbol|İngilizce
günlük||
turistler||
ülkemiz||
şampiyonlar|şampiyon|Fransızca
yetkililer|yetkililer|Türkçe
yapıldı|yapı|Türkçe
davanın||
giydi||
firmalara|firma|İtalyanca
nda||
yüzde||
nde||
sürekli|sürek|Türkçe
van||
mektupta|mektup|Arapça
var||
görüşlerini|görüşler|Türkçe
verildiğini|veri|Türkçe
girmek||
firmaları|firma|İtalyanca
bildirilen|bildiri|Türkçe
oranın|oran|Türkçe
ifadelerini|ifade|Arapça
ifadelerine|ifade|Arapça
pozisyon||
ortasında||
kaçmaya||
girişim|girişim|Türkçe
ilişkilerinin|ilişkiler|Türkçe
yaşları||
qays||
anlaşma||
dahi|dahi|Eski Türkçe
aracının|aracın|Türkçe
geçiş|geçiş|Türkçe
alanını||
zirve|zirve|Arapça
robin||
müsaade|müsaade|Arapça
antrenman|antrenman|Fransızca
iddiasına|iddia|Arapça
99||
98||
93||
92||
95||
94||
satışları||
alanına||
vatandaşı|vatandaş|Türkçe
katkısı||
tebliğ|tebliğ|Arapça
birbirinden|birbiri|Türkçe
geçim|geçim|Türkçe
yaptıktan||
etkilendi|etki|Türkçe
yıldızlı|yıldız|Eski Türkçe
izlediğini||
ulaşan||
sayan|saya|Türkçe
taraflar|taraf|Arapça
üzümlü|üzüm|Eski Türkçe
dahilinde|dahil|Arapça
sahilinde|sahi|Arapça
üniter||
evin|evin|Türkçe
açıklamasında|açıklama|Türkçe
bıraktı||
devam|devam|Arapça
uyuşturucu||
uyum||
kesimleri|kesi|Türkçe
kaya|kaya|Türkçe
seferini|seferi|Arapça
olacak|olacak|Türkçe
kurumlarına|kurum|Türkçe
terörün|terörün|Türkçe
prim||
kapanışa|kapanış|Türkçe
burak||
cezaların|ceza|Arapça
kaleme|kalem|Arapça
büyükler|büyükler|Eski Türkçe
umre|umre|Arapça
asker|asker|Arapça
savaş|savaş|Türkçe
kurma|kurma|Türkçe
ana|ana|Osmanlıca
sebep|sebep|Arapça 
anlayışı|anlayış|Türkçe
getirme||
geldiği||
oyuncunun|oyuncu|Türkçe
giderilmesi|giderilme|Türkçe
isimli|isimli|Türkçe
indirimi|indirim|Türkçe
sağlık|sağlık|Türkçe
hendekler|hendek|Arapça
karada|kara|Eski Türkçe
eşinden||
aslı||
karşılığında||
diyarbakır|diyar| Arapça
gözyaşları||
piyasa||
çekerek|çeker|Türkçe
yoktu||
silopi||
yardımların||
medyada|medya|İngilizce
boyunca|boyunca|Türkçe
ulaşımın|ulaşım|Türkçe
kısmını||
tesisleri||
asli|asli|Arapça
oluştu|oluş|Türkçe
çaplı||
ın||
yapılacak|yapı|Türkçe
g20||
bm||
ordu|ordu|Eski Türkçe
konularda|konu|Türkçe
olduğunu||
muhaliflerin|muhal|Arapça
karşıya||
doları|dolar|Flamanca
idmanyurdu|idman|Arapça
sağlayan||
alanında||
mektup|mektup|Arapça
çalışmasının||
noktasına||
batısına||
araçlar|araç|Türkçe
koordinatörü|koordinatör|Fransızca
beton|beton|Fransızca
konuldu|konu|Türkçe
bankası|banka|İtalyanca
ndeki||
yardımı||
kırıkkale|kırı|Türkçe
sahası|saha|Arapça
takımına|takım|Türkçe
havayolları|hava|Arapça
düzenlemeler|düzenleme|Türkçe
sağ|sağ|Eski Türkçe
personelinin|personel|Fransızca
çakır||
duvar|duvar|Farsça
yardıma||
cezaevinde|ceza|Arapça
san||
saf|saf|Arapça
kazanırken|kaza|Arapça
sezonda|sezon|Fransızca
takımını|takım|Türkçe
sınırı||
bölümünün|bölüm|Türkçe
vatandaşları|vatandaş|Türkçe
meydanı|meydan|Farsça
sektör|sektör|Fransızca
haftada|hafta|Farsça
ulucak||
ekiplerin|ekip|Fransızca
mahsur||
moskova||
sergi||
ekledi||
geçici||
meydana|meydan|Farsça
çeyrek|çeyrek|Farsça
vatandaşlara|vatandaş|Türkçe
kaplı|kaplı|Türkçe
kazan|kaza|Arapça
dinleme|dinleme|Türkçe
sefer|sefer|Arapça
şey|şey|Arapça
tanıklarından||
takımı|takım|Türkçe
eleştirilere|eleştiri|Türkçe
takvim||
başarılar||
puanla|puan|Fransızca
toto|toto|Türkçe
fırsatı||
kaymakamı|kaymakam| Arapça
belirlendi|beli|Farsça
hollanda||
taraf|taraf|Arapça
verdiklerini|verdi|Türkçe
kaliteli||
kullanılması|kullanılma|Türkçe
ligi||
takıma|takım|Türkçe
ihtiyaç|ihtiyaç|Arapça
analiz|analiz|Fransızca
katıldığı||
adana||
yanıt|yanı|Türkçe
yabancı|yabancı|Türkçe
planı|plan|Fransızca
kapısından|kapı|Türkçe
soruşturmasında|soruşturma|Türkçe
geçmişi||
kendimi||
oranını|oran|Türkçe
yükselişle||
örgütlerine|örgüt|Türkçe
durumlar|durumlar|Türkçe
maddeler|madde|Arapça
beklentisi||
belge|belge|Türkçe
derecede|derece|Latince
bekliyor||
dışişleri||
ünü||
oradaki||
okulda|okul|Türkçe
plana|plan|Fransızca
davet|davet|Arapça
olursa||
araçlarını|araçların|Türkçe
samra||
sonuçla|sonuç|Türkçe
oyuncuları|oyuncu|Türkçe
düşüyor||
dördüncü|dördün|Türkçe
malzemeler|malzeme|Arapça
aktardığı|aktar| Arapça
arabistan||
düşüşe||
başbakanlık|başbakanlık|Türkçe
oyunculara|oyuncu|Türkçe
tutan||
tutar|tutar|Türkçe
hgs||
türklerin||
önde||
rahatsız|rahat|Arapça
düşmesini||
bağlantılı|bağlantı|Türkçe
sisteminin|sistem|Fransızca
gülşen|gülşen|farsça
başlangıç|başlangıç|Türkçe
anlatan||
görüşmesi||
küreme|küreme|Türkçe
sürücülerin|sürücü|Türkçe
pdy||
cezası|ceza|Arapça
zanlılardan||
geçmeye||
diledi|dile|Türkçe
mehmet||
ifadeler|ifade|Arapça
oyların||
görevden|görev|Türkçe
ordusu|ordu|Eski Türkçe
beyazlılar|beyazlı|Türkçe
kaydı||
kişi|kişi|Türkçe
savcılığa|savcı|Eski Türkçe
ettiğini||
azaltılması||
sahibi|sahi|Arapça
edilmesinin||
meryem||
konuk|konuk|Türkçe
ayının|ayın|Arapça
konut|konut|Türkçe
isimlerinin|isimleri|Türkçe
bizim||
görüşünü|görüşün|Türkçe
tesisi||
demirer|demire|Türkçe
demirel|demire|Türkçe
bölümünü|bölüm|Türkçe
ailenin|aile|Arapça
usta|usta|Farsça
istedi||
ediyoruz||
cumartesi|cuma|Arapça
girişine|giriş|Türkçe
bingöl||
fişeği|fişe|Fransızca
veriyoruz|veri|Türkçe
kafa|kafa|Türkçe
kastamonu||
planda|plan|Fransızca
illegal|illegal|Fransızca
kardeşlerimizin|kardeş|Eski Türkçe
arslan||
tür|tür|Türkçe
kapsamındaki|kapsam|Türkçe
azından||
beni||
söylemiş|söylem|Türkçe
çıkaran||
çıkarak||
hesabında||
elazığ||
birinde||
doğal|doğal|Türkçe
doğan|doğan|Eski Türkçe
yapıyoruz|yapı|Türkçe
artıracağı|artı|Türkçe
edilenlerin||
hazırladığı|hazır|Arapça
amerikalı||
ülkede||
muhabirine||
talebiyle||
başarıya||
yanıtını|yanı|Türkçe
karşılaşma||
08||
suudi||
beşer|beşer|Arapça
cüneyt|cüneyt|Arapça
seyit|seyit|Arapça
seyir|seyir|Arapça
bulgaristan||
caminin|cami|Arapça
etkisiz|etki|Türkçe
camiye|cami|Arapça
yasa|yasa|Türkçe
karşıyaka||
koyduğu||
asya||
mohamad||
anımsatarak||
rahmet|rahmet|Arapça
karyağdı||
uygulamaları||
muhalifler|muhal|Arapça
ersoy||
zirveye|zirve|Arapça
ettikten||
yapmak|yapmak|Türkçe
açısından||
tahliye|tahliye|Arapça
devletlerin|devletler|Türkçe
kadınların|kadınların|Türkçe
durumla|durum|Eski Türkçe
zaman|zaman|Arapça
izmir||
diyarbakir|diyar| Arapça
herkesin|herkes|Farsça
uysal|uysal|Türkçe
toplantı|toplantı|Türkçe
dolandırıcılık|dolan|Türkçe
şartlarda|şart|Arapça
alamayan||
nazlı|nazlı|Türkçe
aldım||
parlamentoda||
temsil||
sözleşme|sözle|Türkçe
belirlenemeyen|beli|Farsça
arkadaşlarıyla|arkadaşları|Türkçe
emrah||
geçilmesi|geçilme|Türkçe
kültürü|kült|Fransızca
puana|puan|Fransızca
politikalar|politikalar|Türkçe
maçında||
maçtan||
sahne|sahn|Arapça
taşınan||
gürkan||
zorundayız||
vermişti||
bozmak|bozmak|Türkçe
törenin|tören|Türkçe
hükümetini|hüküm|Arapça
öldürüldüğü||
taşındı||
gazetede|gazete|Fransızca
istatistik|istatistik|Fransızca
bilgi|bilgi|Türkçe
recep|recep|Arapça
mesafede|mesafe|Arapça
cevap|cevap|Arapça
başbakan|başbakan|Türkçe
gençlerin||
ülkeler||
başvuru|başvuru|Türkçe
götürüldü|götürü|Türkçe
zonguldak||
haftadaki|hafta|Farsça
antalyaspor||
organlarında|organ|Fransızca
olmaz|olma|Türkçe
yollardan|yollardan|Türkçe
ten|ten|Farsça
açıldı||
dönmek|dönmek|Türkçe
soner|sone|Fransızca
sürerken|süre|Türkçe
önemine||
veriliyor|veri|Türkçe
açtıkları||
etmenin|etmen|Türkçe
gününde||
benzeri||
görevlerini|görevler|Türkçe
patlayıcılar|patlayıcı|Türkçe
siyasetin|siyasetin|Türkçe
ağır|ağır|Eski Türkçe
örgütüne|örgüt|Türkçe
vatandaşlarımızın|vatandaş|Türkçe
yapılan|yapı|Türkçe
müdürlüğünün|müdür|Arapça
diyor||
şeria|şeri|Arapça
örgütünü|örgüt|Türkçe
şerif|şerif|Arapça
yenişehir||
uygulandığını||
ipekçi|ipekçi|Türkçe
düzeyli|düzeyli|Türkçe
gerginlik|gergin|Türkçe
amerikan|amerikan|Fransızca
müdür|müdür|Arapça
kentin|kent|Soğdca
önümüzdeki||
selim|selim|Arapça
giyecek||
aldı||
nin||
liradan|lira|İtalyanca
oyuncular|oyuncu|Türkçe
kanun|kanun|Arapça
direktörlük|direktör|Fransızca
noktası||
kadroya||
müzakere|müzakere|Arapça
düzenleme|düzenleme|Türkçe
çocuklar|çocuklar|Türkçe
itibariyle|itibar|Arapça
salih||
çektiği||
satılıyor||
hastane|hastane|Farsça
götürüldüğü|götürü|Türkçe
maddesi|madde|Arapça
kenara||
hayali|hayali|Arapça
dernek|dernek|Eski Türkçe
gergin|gergin|Türkçe
selçuk||
müdürlüğünce|müdür|Arapça
örgütleri|örgüt|Türkçe
yapıyorlar|yapı|Türkçe
bütünlüğü||
sarıkamış|sarık|Türkçe
raporda||
doğrudan|doğrudan|Türkçe
meclis||
kullandığını||
iranlı||
sanıklar||
genel||
öncelikli|öncelikli|Türkçe
ortamı|ortam|Türkçe
başvuruda|başvuru|Türkçe
iraklı||
kişilerin|kişiler|Türkçe
çalıştığımız||
nemr||
edildiği||
abdi||
kamuoyu|kamu|Eski Türkçe
çizen||
taşıyan||
tanju||
olmadığı|olma|Türkçe
yarım|yarı|Türkçe
teröristlerce|terörist|Fransızca
mutluyum|mutlu|Türkçe
tecrübeli|tecrübe|Arapça
arkadaşlarını|arkadaşları|Türkçe
turistik|turistik|Fransızca
zam||
sektörün|sektör|Fransızca
öğle|öğle|Türkçe
engelleri||
arda|arda|Türkçe
vesile||
zanlının||
piyasalarda||
ikili|ikili|Türkçe
bulan|bula|Türkçe
sağlandı||
gündoğan||
gündem|günde|Türkçe
abant||
krizin||
idamlara|idam|Arapça
kurucusu|kurucu|Türkçe
karaman|karama|Türkçe
siyasal|siyasal|Arapça
kurtarılması|kurtarılma|Türkçe
olayın|olayın|Türkçe
haftalık|haftalık|Türkçe
iddialar|iddia|Arapça
çelikel|çelik|Türkçe
konuşan|konuş|Türkçe
teröristler|terörist|Fransızca
kalıcı||
kazasında|kaza|Arapça
giriyoruz||
yaralandı||
dikkati||
dikkate||
evlerine|evlerin|Türkçe
evlerini|evlerin|Türkçe
üniversitesi|üniversite|Fransızca
zamanlarda|zamanlar|Türkçe
içeriyor||
sınırları||
nuri||
albayrak|albay|Türkçe
liderlerinin|lider|İngilizce
şans|şans|Fransızca
malatya|mala|Türkçe
sürüldü||
ihracatçılar||
yol||
husus|husus|Arapça
merkezi|merkezi|Türkçe
merkeze|merkez|Arapça
mutluluğunu|mutlu|Türkçe
hedefimiz|hedef|Arapça
deki||
yapısını|yapı|Türkçe
endeksli|endeksli|Türkçe
özden||
temizlik|temiz|Arapça
tutuklu|tutuklu|Türkçe
tehdit|tehdit|Arapça
grupta|grup|Fransızca
gazze||
attığı||
yaşadı|yaşa|Türkçe
düzenlendiği|düzen|Türkçe
zemin|zemin|Farsça
açıklamalarda|açıklama|Türkçe
ulaştırma|ulaştırma|Türkçe
üyelerince||
dış|dış|Türkçe
alanlar||
ege|ege|Türkçe
erol||
alabilir||
bağlar|bağlar|Türkçe
yazılan|yazıla|Türkçe
azalırken||
lira|lira|İtalyanca
saygılı|saygılı|Türkçe
dönen||
fransız||
tuzaklanan|tuzak|Türkçe
kanadı|kana|İtalyanca
okuma|okuma|Türkçe
yolun||
hediye|hediye|Arapça
destek|destek|Farsça
kesintisi|kesi|Türkçe
adıyla||
ayı|ayı|Eski Türkçe
imkanı||
kanada|kana|İtalyanca
gerekir||
evini|evin|Türkçe
etkisine|etki|Türkçe
etkisini|etki|Türkçe
dtk||
itfaiye|itfaiye|Arapça
ibadet||
ifadelerinin|ifade|Arapça
lig|lig|Fransızca
yapacağım||
yapacağız||
öğrendim||
aksa||
sürenin|süre|Türkçe
aksi|aksi|Arapça
aksu||
sayının|sayının|Türkçe
gecesi|gece|Eski Türkçe
niyetli|niyet|Arapça
saldırısına|saldırı|Türkçe
odası||
çıkmıştı||
verdiler|verdi|Türkçe
geriye|geri|Eski Türkçe
hükmünde||
sistemiyle|sistem|Fransızca
başantrenörü||
aradan||
sizin||
yakınlarının|yakın|Eski Türkçe
sohbet||
sektörü|sektör|Fransızca
avro||
okulların|okul|Türkçe
bombardıman|bombardıman|Fransızca
beklendiğini||
cezanın|ceza|Arapça
bütün||
diyorlar||
dairesi|daire|Arapça
söylem|söylem|Türkçe
soma|soma|Yunanca
ülkelerinden||
dünyada|dünyada|Türkçe
düzeyde|düzey|Türkçe
devletler|devletler|Türkçe
yitiren||
kalmayacak||
alternatif||
kuruluşun|kuruluşu|Türkçe
selam||
başı||
müzakereleri|müzakereler|Türkçe
kişiden|kişi|Türkçe
çalıştığı||
edeceğini||
bilimleri|bilimler|Türkçe
filistin||
kore||
yakan||
gönderildi|gönderi|Türkçe
olduktan||
devrildi|devri|Arapça
komisyon|komisyon|Fransızca
facebook||
olan||
görüşme||
karadan|kara|Eski Türkçe
fonu||
koymuş||
madencilik|madencilik|Türkçe
binayı|bina|Arapça
bırakarak||
kilis||
gelişmeleri|gelişme|Türkçe
hayata|hayat|Arapça
hayati|hayati|Arapça
gelişmelere|gelişme|Türkçe
hayvan|hayvan|Arapça
insanlığa|insan|Arapça
müracaat|müracaat|Arapça
düzenli|düzen|Türkçe
dünyaya|dünya|Arapça
oynadığını||
odalı|odalı|Türkçe
şehitlik|şehit|Arapça
kesin|kesi|Türkçe
selman||
hoca|hoca|Farsça
adalet|adalet|Arapça
yarışının|yarı|Türkçe
kamuoyunun|kamu|Eski Türkçe
efsun|efsun|Farsça
etkisiyle|etki|Türkçe
bölgesinde||
yüklü||
unda||
şiddeti||
salonunda|salon|Fransızca
gününden||
kayıp|kayıp|Arapça
hiçe||
kayıt||
yılındaki||
çözümü|çözüm|Türkçe
final|final|Fransızca
haberlerde|haber|Arapça
tutulan||
mutluluğu|mutlu|Türkçe
vatandaşların|vatandaş|Türkçe
tabi|tabi|Arapça
kıbrıs||
kurul|kurul|Türkçe
kurum|kurum|Türkçe
pyd||
51||
yerinden||
darbe|darbe|Arapça
benzer||
başbakanımız|başbakan|Türkçe
meclisi||
içerisine|içerisi|Türkçe
hırçın||
mücadeleyi||
zamanlı|zaman|Arapça
görüşü|görüşü|Türkçe
gücüne|gücü|Türkçe
meteorolojik|meteorolojik|Fransızca
gelişme|gelişme|Türkçe
ersan||
belirledi|beli|Farsça
kararları|kararla|Türkçe
açıyor||
sitesi|sitesi|Türkçe
gerilimi|gerilim|Türkçe
politikalarını|politikaların|Türkçe
teknolojileri|teknoloji|Latince
başkanlığına||
başvuruyu|başvuruyu|Türkçe
yoktur||
vakıf|vakıf|Arapça
gerçekleşti||
sokak|sokak|Arapça
bizde||
kendilerine||
twitter||
istedik||
sağlandığı||
özen|özen|Türkçe
kasımda|kasım|Arapça
güngör||
süre|süre|Türkçe
dua|dua|Arapça
yanıtladı|yanı|Türkçe
ünlü|ünlü|Türkçe
mevcut|mevcut|Arapça
adım||
etkilerini|etkiler|Türkçe
altın||
okula|okul|Türkçe
nun||
başbakanı|başbakan|Türkçe
duyurusunda|duyuru|Türkçe
ulaştığı||
umarım||
olmasa|olma|Türkçe
tipi||
kezle||
sorusuna|soru|Türkçe
bulunarak||
inceledi|ince|Eski Türkçe
ziyarete|ziya|Arapça
sevgi|sevgi|Eski Türkçe
seyahat|seyahat|Arapça
vererek|vere| Slavca
basın|basın|Türkçe
mutabakat|muta|Arapça
verilirken|veri|Türkçe
olumsuzluklara|olumsuzluk|Türkçe
abluka|abluka|İtalyanca
mülteci||
sağlıklı|sağlıklı|Türkçe
olması|olma|Türkçe
ülkenin||
destekli|destekli|Türkçe
avustralya||
baskı||
fifa||
suçlamaları||
kaynaklarının|kaynaklar|Türkçe
personelin|personel|Fransızca
onlarla|onlar|Türkçe
eyaletinin||
kenasari||
yerini||
ederse||
başından|başın|Türkçe
koyan||
bunlardan||
aldığımız||
kalabalık|kalaba|Arapça
olsun||
filistinliler||
yarıda|yarı|Türkçe
gölü||
malzemesi|malzeme|Arapça
havalimanlarından|havali|Arapça
mahkeme|mahkeme|Arapça
sınırına||
kavşağı||
yahya||
belgede|belge|Türkçe
baz|baz|Fransızca
19||
mahkemeye|mahkemeye|Türkçe
kalkınma|kalkınma|Türkçe
endişeye|endişe|Farsça
kerkük||
koalisyon||
bizler||
bmgk||
konuşmaların|konuş|Türkçe
baş||
160||
110||
öğrencilerden|öğrenci|Türkçe
geliyor||
vatandaş|vatandaş|Türkçe
ellerinde||
çatışmalarda|çatışma|Türkçe
toplanan|toplanan|Türkçe
yapmış||
tedavileri|tedavi|Arapça
aileleri|aile|Arapça
ailelere|aile|Arapça
protokol||
formasını|forma|İtalyanca
renklerine|renk|Farsça
patlayıcı|patlayıcı|Türkçe
bolu||
siyah|siyah|Farsça
atılması|atılma|Türkçe
milletimiz|millet|Arapça
kurumu|kurum|Türkçe
alanlarında||
beri||
defnedildi|defne|Yunanca
anlaşması||
bekletilen||
bağımsız|bağımsız|Türkçe
dediğini||
içindeyiz||
sonuç|sonuç|Türkçe
istedikleri||
görevlisinin|görev|Türkçe
belirlenen|beli|Farsça
bakıldığında||
gerçekleştiği||
dil|dil|Eski Türkçe
din|din|Arapça
yapmaları|yapma|Türkçe
dir||
görmez||
görmek||
çaykur||
ormanlık|orman|Eski Türkçe
rejime|reji|Fransızca
oynayacak|oynayacak|Türkçe
söylediklerini||
müslüman||
berabere|beraber|Farsça
denizcilik|denizci|Türkçe
uçaklarının|uçak|Türkçe
berat|berat|Arapça
sonucu||
devletin|devlet|Arapça
uruguay||
yarışında|yarı|Türkçe
sonuca||
nevin|nevi|Arapça
önemi||
merkezli|merkez|Arapça
kralı|kral|Sırpça
altı||
askerlerinin|asker|Arapça
hassas|hassas|Arapça
kaydedildi||
faruk||
şükür|şükür|Arapça
konuma|konum|Türkçe
planlanan|plan|Fransızca
bırakıyor||
takımda|takım|Türkçe
ardından||
yurt|yurt|Eski Türkçe
oluşuyor|oluş|Türkçe
meşin|meşin|Farsça
lar||
etkinlikte|etkinlik|Türkçe
temizlenmesi|temizlenme|Türkçe
tiryaki||
normal||
samur|samur|Arapça
topraklarda|topraklarda|Türkçe
yanıtlayan|yanı|Türkçe
beklemek||
disiplin|disiplin|Fransızca
fişek|fişek|Farsça
katılmaya|katılma|Türkçe
merkez|merkez|Arapça
kaçakçılık|kaçakçı|Türkçe
yaralanmıştı||
podolski||
kullandığı||
geçti||
zirvesinde|zirve|Arapça
katlı|katlı|Türkçe
ikramiye|ikramiye|Arapça
hatip|hatip|Arapça
olduğuna||
hdp||
demokrasiyi|demokrasi|Fransızca
pas|pas|Eski Türkçe
pay||
yukarı||
son||
saldırılarından|saldırı|Türkçe
toplamda||
ilçelerde||
çocukları|çocukları|Türkçe
olmalıdır|olma|Türkçe
sürecek|süre|Türkçe
partiye|parti|Fransızca
olumsuz|olumsuz|Türkçe
değil||
gittiği||
yağışlı|yağışlı|Türkçe
böyle|böyle|Türkçe
kaygı||
balta|balta|Eski Türkçe
getirilmesi|getirilme|Türkçe
suçlanan||
geldiğinde||
soruşturma|soruşturma|Türkçe
arasında|arası|Türkçe
çalışma||
çocuklara|çocuklara|Türkçe
kampanya||
filistinli||
değerli|değerli|Türkçe
şirketi|şirketi|Türkçe
döviz||
lazım|lazım|Arapça
kutlamaları||
arkasına||
abd|abd|Arapça
abu|abu|Farsça
olmak|olma|Türkçe
kaybetmişti||
halktan|halk|Arapça
kapsamlı|kapsam|Türkçe
güçlerine||
haberde|haber|Arapça
hesabı||
başkanlığa||
geylan||
bularak|bula|Türkçe
istiklal||
şeklinde|şekli|Arapça
çekmek|çekmek|Eski Türkçe
ulusoy|ulus|Türkçe
ediliyor||
yılki||
yılbaşında||
karaca|kara|Eski Türkçe
güneş|güneş|Eski Türkçe
ensar|ensar|Arapça
toplanması|toplanma|Türkçe
ilçesinin||
yerlerde|yerler|Türkçe
güney||
muhalefet|muhalefet|Arapça
kalacak|kala|Türkçe
plakalı|plak|Fransızca
olarak||
düştüğü||
tanınan||
yardımcıları|yardımcı|Türkçe
semra||
söylemişti|söylem|Türkçe
sektörünün|sektör|Fransızca
yapılırken|yapılı|Türkçe
gösterdikleri||
öncülüğünde|öncü|Türkçe
kutlama||
köyünde||
afad||
futbolcunun|futbol|İngilizce
dileyen|dile|Türkçe
bilgisi|bilgi|Türkçe
yolculuğuna||
yargılama|yargılama|Türkçe
şahit|şahit|Arapça
sürdürdüğünü||
aylarda|ayla|Türkçe
iddianamede|iddia|Arapça
türk||
şahin|şahin|Farsça
ilişkilerini|ilişkiler|Türkçe
metre|metre| Fransızca
ilişkilerine|ilişkiler|Türkçe
yaptıklarını||
sığınan||
türü|türü|Türkçe
hazırız|hazır|Arapça
geleneksel|geleneksel|Türkçe
rusların||
bin||
bahar|bahar|Farsça
ikby||
saat|saat|Arapça
zanlılar||
cevabını||
boyu||
bakan||
ekiplerinden|ekip|Fransızca
alınacak|alın|Türkçe
hastaneye|hastane|Farsça
saldırının|saldırı|Türkçe
fiziki|fiziki|Fransızca
papa|papa|İtalyanca
imkanları||
2002||
2003||
2000||
2006||
2007||
2004||
2005||
2008||
2009||
cebel|cebel|Arapça
ürünlerin||
korumak|korumak|Türkçe
edindiği||
haftaya|hafta|Farsça
istediğini||
gelmek|gelmek|Türkçe
konudaki|konu|Türkçe
bekliyoruz||
sıkıntısı||
sini|sini|Farsça
sine|sine|Farsça
yakalama||
seferleri|sefer|Arapça
bilimsel|bilimsel|Türkçe
cihan|cihan|Farsça
düşündüğünü|düşün|Türkçe
ucuz||
yapılarak|yapı|Türkçe
satışlarının||
bölgede||
insanın|insan|Arapça
rakamlar||
görevinde|görevi|Türkçe
kadın|kadın|Eski Türkçe
teknoloji|teknoloji|Latince
dan||
tamamını|tamam|Arapça
toki||
sınırlarını||
öğretmenin|öğretme|Türkçe
yürüyüş|yürüyüş|Türkçe
babası|baba|Türkçe
sahadan|saha|Arapça
yaptırımlar||
barış|barış|Türkçe
dağ|dağ|Eski Türkçe
tamamına|tamam|Arapça
alacağı||
tokat|tokat|Eski Türkçe
politikalarının|politikaların|Türkçe
arkadaşlarım|arkadaşları|Türkçe
gösteriyor||
sürdürülen||
idam|idam|Arapça
320||
yitirdi||
geride|geri|Eski Türkçe
işveren|işve|Arapça
değeri|değeri|Türkçe
çalışanlarının||
unsurları|unsur|Arapça
takımla|takım|Türkçe
açıkladı||
bartın||
cephesi||
adayı||
dereceye|derece|Latince
kerem|kerem|Arapça
koruması|koruma|Türkçe
seviyesine|seviye|Arapça
olağan|olağan|Türkçe
anadolu||
maddeleri|madde|Arapça
suçlamasıyla||
ölümü|ölüm|Eski Türkçe
ortağı||
bölgelerden||
cenaze|cenaze|Arapça
takdir||
ölüme|ölüm|Eski Türkçe
gönül||
gazete|gazete|Fransızca
değerlendirmek|değerlendirme|Türkçe
ülkesinde||
hatay|hata|Arapça
kampı||
nüfusun|nüfus|Arapça
iade|iade|Arapça 
kuvvetli|kuvvet|Arapça
erzincan||
kritik|kritik|Fransızca
tebrik|tebrik|Arapça
paris||
stadı||
risk|risk|Fransızca
kupa|kupa|İtalyanca
uçaklara|uçak|Türkçe
oyunları||
yakalamak||
sözleşmeli|sözleşmeli|Türkçe
yapacak||
şüpheli|şüphe|Arapça
federasyonu|federasyon|Fransızca
derlediği||
york||
ortak|ortak|Türkçe
ortam|ortam|Türkçe
getirdiği||
çıkarıldıkları||
paylaştı||
musa||
yaşında||
şampiyonluğu|şampiyon|Fransızca
şampiyonluğa|şampiyon|Fransızca
rejiminin|reji|Fransızca
ayrılıp||
memnun||
lüks|lüks|Fransızca
namaz|namaz|Farsça
havalimanından|havali|Arapça
neler||
değerlendirmesini|değerlendirme|Türkçe
küçük|küçük|Eski Türkçe
sonuçlarını|sonuç|Türkçe
davası||
aracını|aracın|Türkçe
açıklaması|açıklama|Türkçe
çalıştı||
çevik|çevik|Farsça
sünni||
mağduru||
fiyatlarının|fiyat|Arapça
doğrultuda||
tamamlandığı|tamam|Arapça
gösteri||
kapsamda|kapsam|Türkçe
sonuçlarına|sonuç|Türkçe
yaptığı||
sneijder||
politikası|politikası|Türkçe
aracına|aracın|Türkçe
müdürü|müdür|Arapça
1979||
siyahlı|siyah|Farsça
tartışmalar|tartışmalar|Türkçe
insansız|insansı|Türkçe
gerilim|gerilim|Türkçe
metal|metal|Fransızca
belirten|beli|Farsça
geliştirilmesi|geliştirilme|Türkçe
ihtimali|ihtimali|Arapça
kaleci|kale|Arapça
işlemler||
devletimizin|devlet|Arapça
renkli|renk|Farsça
buldu||
işlediği||
ailelerden|aile|Arapça
kaydediyor||
sahtecilik|sahtecilik|Türkçe
ithalatı|ithalat|Arapça
giriyor||
etmeleri|etme|Türkçe
kullanımı||
çevre|çevre|Türkçe
meteoroloji|meteoroloji|Fransızca
maden|maden|Arapça
eşit|eşit|Türkçe
projelerin|proje|Fransızca
kente|kent|Soğdca
medicana||
charlie||
yaptıkları||
sağlanan||
aktif|aktif|Fransızca
yılı||
beklentimiz||
adamları|adamları|Türkçe
donald||
viyana|viya|İtalyanca
yıla||
kadınlar|kadınlar|Türkçe
bayrağına||
puan|puan|Fransızca
akdeniz||
silahlarla|silah|Arapça
karayolları|kara|Eski Türkçe
tip|tip|Fransızca
tim||
bekleniyor||
alanındaki||
hakkı||
oyun||
babasına|baba|Türkçe
duman|duman|Eski Türkçe
dünyadaki|dünyada|Türkçe
dışına||
kömür||
galibiyet|galibiyet|Arapça
yaralanan||
saatlerinden|saat|Arapça
bulunduğu||
sayı|sayı|Eski Türkçe
araçlarda|araçlarda|Türkçe
idaresi|idare|Arapça
geçmek||
gidiyor||
fatih|fatih|Arapça
çatışma|çatışma|Türkçe
adreslere|adres|Fransızca
gitmesi||
izleme|izlem|Türkçe
ergül||
kent|kent|Soğdca
belirlemelere|beli|Farsça
sisteme|sistem|Fransızca
kapsayan||
tedavisinin|tedavi|Arapça
ruhunu|ruhu|Türkçe
çıktığını|çıktı|Türkçe
ebu||
sınır||
sının||
sınıf|sınıf|Arapça
çavuş|çavuş|Rumca
konulduğu|konu|Türkçe
halife|halife|Arapça
koray|kora|Yunanca
sürgün|sürgü|Türkçe
çözüm|çözüm|Türkçe
yürüttüğü||
ssk||
değişen|değiş|Türkçe
üste||
çayı||
lehine||
askerleri|asker|Arapça
görüşmelerin||
pakistan||
fransa||
geçecek|geçe|Türkçe
omuz||
devlet|devlet|Arapça
kilo|kilo|Fransızca
ülkemizi||
ülkemize||
başladıistanbul||
holding|holding|İngilizce
ölüm|ölüm|Eski Türkçe
sularında||
yargılanmasına|yargılanma|Türkçe
pereira||
madrid||
mahkum||
militanı||
sel|sel|Arapça
haksız|haksız|Arapça
alındığını|alındı|Türkçe
bugünden|bugün|Türkçe
öğrendiğini||
katında||
tutuklandı||
ekonomi|ekonomi|Fransızca
gittiklerini||
görevini|görevi|Türkçe
itirazda||
görevine|görevi|Türkçe
ülkemizin||
nusaybin||
başlandı||
dörtlü|dörtlü|Türkçe
operasyonu|operasyon|Fransızca
oluşturduğunu|oluş|Türkçe
ankete|anket|Fransızca
hastanesinde|hastane|Farsça
sorunu|sorun|Türkçe
inin||
olmanın|olma|Türkçe
sona||
sonu||
açtı||
arttığını||
çıkarılmasını|çıkarılma|Türkçe
tarihleri|tarihle|Türkçe
halkının|halk|Arapça
ajansının|ajans|Fransızca
hedefliyoruz|hedef|Arapça
makro||
yakınlarına|yakın|Eski Türkçe
demir||
konferansı||
aşağı|aşağı|Eski Türkçe
sürdürdü||
dışında||
kurulması|kurulma|Türkçe
usulsüz|usul|Arapça
oturan||
durumuna|durum|Eski Türkçe
yedi|yedi|Türkçe
açmaya||
şehirde|şehirde|Türkçe
teki||
kurtuluş|kurtuluş|Türkçe
kurşun||
otelde||
saldırılarda|saldırı|Türkçe
gerçekleştirildi||
kapatmak|kapatmak|Türkçe
çevredeki|çevre|Türkçe
konularında|konu|Türkçe
görüşmede||
ihtiyaçlarının|ihtiyaçlar|Türkçe
seferlerin|sefer|Arapça
ekrem||
giriş|giriş|Türkçe
bölgelerine||
hastalığı||
törene|tören|Türkçe
töreni|tören|Türkçe
rahatsızlık|rahatsızlık|Türkçe
cevatpaşa||
esas|esas|Arapça
güvenliğini|güvenli|Türkçe
rakamlarına||
dans|dans|Fransızca
dedik||
milletin|millet|Arapça
ikişer|ikişer|Türkçe
giren|giren|Türkçe
bölgesine||
bölgesinin||
hersek||
art||
arz|arz|Arapça
ara||
planlıyor|plan|Fransızca
konumunda|konum|Türkçe
projesinin|proje|Fransızca
kendilerini||
sınırlar||
zulüm|zulüm|Arapça
görüşmelere||
saldırılarına|saldırı|Türkçe
gelirler|gelirler|Türkçe
hattı||
yuvarlağı|yuvar|Türkçe
millete|millet|Arapça
liranın|lira|İtalyanca
çocuğunu|çocuğun|Türkçe
metin|metin|Arapça
kırmızılı|kırmızı|Arapça
kıdem|kıdem|Arapça
ekiplerince|ekip|Fransızca
kurdukları||
temmuz|temmuz|Arapça
prof||
anne|anne|Türkçe
hedeflediklerini|hedef|Arapça
bırakılmıştı||
kaymakamlığı|kaymakam| Arapça
rejimi|reji|Fransızca
turist||
karargah|karar|Arapça
bankasının|banka|İtalyanca
115||
116||
dili|dili|Türkçe
dile|dile|Türkçe
112||
gökçen||
tarihli|tarih|Arapça
geçmesi||
taş|taş|Eski Türkçe
beklentilerin||
gerisinde|geri|Eski Türkçe
ilmi||
elektronik|elektronik|Fransızca
düzenleyen|düzen|Türkçe
kupası|kupa|İtalyanca
yaşandığı|yaşa|Türkçe
tam|tam|Arapça
tan|tan|Türkçe
somut||
yılda||
yürüdü||
elif|elif|Arapça
tepki||
kontrolündeki|kontrol|Fransızca
yatırımcı|yatır|Türkçe
çıkarmaya|çıkarma|Türkçe
kızı||
olacaktır|olacak|Türkçe
bölgeler||
eyaletinde||
karakuş|karakuş|Türkçe
buzlanma|buzla|Türkçe
gündeme|günde|Türkçe
gündemi|günde|Türkçe
sonraki||
uçağı||
çalışmasını||
denk|denk|Türkçe
radikal|radikal|Fransızca
ticari|ticari|Arapça
silah|silah|Arapça
üstü||
görülen||
şehri|şehri|Türkçe
çoban|çoban|Farsça
inceleyen|ince|Eski Türkçe
şehidin||
taşıdığını||
diğer|diğer|Farsça
haline||
gündür||
sayısının|sayısının|Türkçe
almanya|alma|Türkçe
büyükelçiliği|büyük|Eski Türkçe
sahiplerinin|sahip|Arapça
onunla||
kullanıldı||
ilkokul|ilkokul|Türkçe
yaşadıklarını|yaşa|Türkçe
demokrat|demokrat|Fransızca
113||
118||
wesley||
aydoğan||
çocukların|çocukların|Türkçe
vurularak||
saldırılarını|saldırı|Türkçe
kumpas|kumpas|Fransızca
aşkın|aşkın|Türkçe
arama||
yeşil|yeşil|Eski Türkçe
bilgiç|bilgi|Türkçe
